The COE transcription factor Collier is a mediator of short-range Hedgehog-induced patterning of the Drosophila wing.
Short limbs, cleft palate, and delayed formation of flat proliferative chondrocytes in mice with targeted disruption of a putative protein kinase gene, Pkdcc (AW548124).
Heparanase regulates murine hair growth.
Characterization and cloning of STAT5 from IM-9 cells and its activation by growth hormone.
The soluble serum protein Gas6 bridges virion envelope phosphatidylserine to the TAM receptor tyrosine kinase Axl to mediate viral entry.
Regulation of protein catabolism by muscle-specific and cytokine-inducible ubiquitin ligase E3alpha-II during cancer cachexia.
A two-component regulatory system (phoP phoQ) controls Salmonella typhimurium virulence.
Differential N-linked glycosylation of human immunodeficiency virus and Ebola virus envelope glycoproteins modulates interactions with DC-SIGN and DC-SIGNR.
End13p/Vps4p is required for efficient transport from early to late endosomes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Localization of gurken RNA in Drosophila oogenesis requires elements in the 5' and 3' regions of the transcript.
Novel membrane transporter OCTN1 mediates multispecific, bidirectional, and pH-dependent transport of organic cations.
Structural basis for agonism and antagonism of hepatocyte growth factor.
Cohesin's binding to chromosomes depends on a separate complex consisting of Scc2 and Scc4 proteins.
An initial blueprint for myogenic differentiation.
VHL-box and SOCS-box domains determine binding specificity for Cul2-Rbx1 and Cul5-Rbx2 modules of ubiquitin ligases.
A family of RRM-type RNA-binding proteins specific to plant mitochondria.
Molecular mechanism of Reaper-Grim-Hid-mediated suppression of DIAP1-dependent Dronc ubiquitination.
MAPK signaling to the early secretory pathway revealed by kinase/phosphatase functional screening.
The SCF(COI1) ubiquitin-ligase complexes are required for jasmonate response in Arabidopsis.
Cloning and expression of the mouse serotonin transporter.
Puromycin-sensitive alanyl aminopeptidase from human liver cytosol: purification and characterization.
Daam2 is required for dorsal patterning via modulation of canonical Wnt signaling in the developing spinal cord.
Par6 alpha interacts with the dynactin subunit p150 Glued and is a critical regulator of centrosomal protein recruitment.
Loss of outer membrane proteins without inhibition of lipid export in an Escherichia coli YaeT mutant.
Human LAT1, a subunit of system L amino acid transporter: molecular cloning and transport function.
Nalp1b controls mouse macrophage susceptibility to anthrax lethal toxin.
Nuclear translocation of an ICA512 cytosolic fragment couples granule exocytosis and insulin expression in {beta}-cells.
The SET domain protein Metnase mediates foreign DNA integration and links integration to nonhomologous end-joining repair.
Identification and characterization of Slitrk, a novel neuronal transmembrane protein family controlling neurite outgrowth.
A conserved N-terminal motif in Rad54 is important for chromatin remodeling and homologous strand pairing.
A new family of RhoGEFs activates the Rop molecular switch in plants.
G protein-coupled receptor 56 and collagen III, a receptor-ligand pair, regulates cortical development and lamination.
Substrate targeting of the yeast cyclin-dependent kinase Pho85p by the cyclin Pcl10p.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 Tat protein inhibits the SIRT1 deacetylase and induces T cell hyperactivation.
An efficient, multiply promiscuous hydrolase in the alkaline phosphatase superfamily.
Mammalian CARMIL inhibits actin filament capping by capping protein.
PTIP, a novel BRCT domain-containing protein interacts with Pax2 and is associated with active chromatin.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel isoform of the non-canonical poly(A) polymerase PAPD7.
JNK promotes Bax translocation to mitochondria through phosphorylation of 14-3-3 proteins.
A novel protein-conjugating system for Ufm1, a ubiquitin-fold modifier.
High mobility group I (Y) proteins bind HIPK2, a serine-threonine kinase protein which inhibits cell growth.
Enhanced low oxygen survival in Arabidopsis through increased metabolic flux in the fermentative pathway.
Control of DAF-7 TGF-(alpha) expression and neuronal process development by a receptor tyrosine kinase KIN-8 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Schnurri-3 (KRC) interacts with c-Jun to regulate the IL-2 gene in T cells.
double-time is identical to discs overgrown, which is required for cell survival, proliferation and growth arrest in Drosophila imaginal discs.
Mutagenesis studies of the phosphorylation sites of recombinant human pyruvate dehydrogenase. Site-specific regulation.
Structure-function analysis of the A20-binding inhibitor of NF-kappa B activation, ABIN-1.
Nitric oxide and protein S-nitrosylation are integral to hydrogen peroxide-induced leaf cell death in rice.
A DNA damage-induced p53 serine 392 kinase complex contains CK2, hSpt16, and SSRP1.
Botulinum neurotoxin A selectively cleaves the synaptic protein SNAP-25.
Positional cloning of a novel Fanconi anemia gene, FANCD2.
Mouse MIM, a tissue-specific regulator of cytoskeletal dynamics, interacts with ATP-actin monomers through its C-terminal WH2 domain.
The interaction of two homeobox genes, BREVIPEDICELLUS and PENNYWISE, regulates internode patterning in the Arabidopsis inflorescence.
RhoG regulates endothelial apical cup assembly downstream from ICAM1 engagement and is involved in leukocyte trans-endothelial migration.
The dynamin-related GTPase Dnm1 regulates mitochondrial fission in yeast.
ARF mediates recruitment of PtdIns-4-OH kinase-beta and stimulates synthesis of PtdIns(4,5)P2 on the Golgi complex.
Mammalian suppressor-of-fused modulates nuclear-cytoplasmic shuttling of Gli-1.
Crosstalk between cAMP-dependent kinase and MAP kinase through a protein tyrosine phosphatase.
HIV-1 Tat protein mimicry of chemokines.
CD46 is phosphorylated at tyrosine 354 upon infection of epithelial cells by Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Human thymic stromal lymphopoietin preferentially stimulates myeloid cells.
Identification of substrates of human protein-tyrosine phosphatase PTPN22.
Acrosome formation-associated factor is involved in fertilization.
Wnt/beta-catenin signaling regulates nephron induction during mouse kidney development.
Myotoxic phospholipases A(2) in bothrops snake venoms: effect of chemical modifications on the enzymatic and pharmacological properties of bothropstoxins from Bothrops jararacussu.
Pctaire1 phosphorylates N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein: implications in the regulation of its hexamerization and exocytosis.
Absence of polo-like kinase 3 in mice stabilizes Cdc25A after DNA damage but is not sufficient to produce tumors.
Meltrin gamma(ADAM-9) mediates cellular adhesion through alpha(6)beta(1 )integrin, leading to a marked induction of fibroblast cell motility.
ISG12a Restricts Hepatitis C Virus Infection through the Ubiquitination-Dependent Degradation Pathway.
Myotubularin-related protein (MTMR) 9 determines the enzymatic activity, substrate specificity, and role in autophagy of MTMR8.
A key enzyme in the biogenesis of lysosomes is a protease that regulates cholesterol metabolism.
IMPACT is a developmentally regulated protein in neurons that opposes the eukaryotic initiation factor 2α kinase GCN2 in the modulation of neurite outgrowth.
A role for ASIC3 in the modulation of high-intensity pain stimuli.
Ornithine decarboxylase antizyme inhibitor 2 regulates intracellular vesicle trafficking.
The AMPA receptor-associated protein Shisa7 regulates hippocampal synaptic function and contextual memory.
Apollon ubiquitinates SMAC and caspase-9, and has an essential cytoprotection function.
Clinical, biochemical and metabolic characterisation of a mild form of human short-chain enoyl-CoA hydratase deficiency: significance of increased N-acetyl-S-(2-carboxypropyl)cysteine excretion.
SKIP interacts with c-Myc and Menin to promote HIV-1 Tat transactivation.
Anterior-posterior guidance of commissural axons by Wnt-frizzled signaling.
Anti-angiogenic cues from vascular basement membrane collagen.
Phosphohexose isomerase/autocrine motility factor/neuroleukin/maturation factor is a multifunctional phosphoprotein.
Reelin controls position of autonomic neurons in the spinal cord.
Neutral sphingomyelinase-3 is a DNA damage and nongenotoxic stress-regulated gene that is deregulated in human malignancies.
FIN219, an auxin-regulated gene, defines a link between phytochrome A and the downstream regulator COP1 in light control of Arabidopsis development.
Elevated O-GlcNAc-dependent signaling through inducible mOGT expression selectively triggers apoptosis.
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II phosphorylates and regulates the Drosophila eag potassium channel.
Drosophila homolog of the mammalian jun oncogene is expressed during embryonic development and activates transcription in mammalian cells.
AMID, an apoptosis-inducing factor-homologous mitochondrion-associated protein, induces caspase-independent apoptosis.
Ubiquitylation-dependent localization of PLK1 in mitosis.
Receptor interacting protein kinase-3 determines cellular necrotic response to TNF-alpha.
The assays of activities and function of TH, AADC, and GCH1 and their potential use in ex vivo gene therapy of PD.
Kinked β-strands mediate high-affinity recognition of mRNA targets by the germ-cell regulator DAZL.
Estrogen induces expression of BCAS3, a novel estrogen receptor-alpha coactivator, through proline-, glutamic acid-, and leucine-rich protein-1 (PELP1).
WD40 protein FBW5 promotes ubiquitination of tumor suppressor TSC2 by DDB1-CUL4-ROC1 ligase.
The envelope glycoprotein of human endogenous retrovirus type W uses a divergent family of amino acid transporters/cell surface receptors.
INCENP is required for proper targeting of Survivin to the centromeres and the anaphase spindle during mitosis.
Regulation of initiation of S phase, replication checkpoint signaling, and maintenance of mitotic chromosome structures during S phase by Hsk1 kinase in the fission yeast.
PKA-induced F-actin rearrangement requires phosphorylation of Hsp27 by the MAPKAP kinase MK5.
The intracellular serpin proteinase inhibitor 6 is expressed in monocytes and granulocytes and is a potent inhibitor of the azurophilic granule protease, cathepsin G.
ADP is the cognate ligand for the orphan G protein-coupled receptor SP1999.
Mps1 phosphorylates Borealin to control Aurora B activity and chromosome alignment.
The IFITM proteins mediate cellular resistance to influenza A H1N1 virus, West Nile virus, and dengue virus.
8S-lipoxygenase products activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and induce differentiation in murine keratinocytes.
The transcriptional repressor Glis2 is a novel binding partner for p120 catenin.
A conserved mechanism of TOR-dependent RCK-mediated mRNA degradation regulates autophagy.
LCX, leukemia-associated protein with a CXXC domain, is fused to MLL in acute myeloid leukemia with trilineage dysplasia having t(10;11)(q22;q23).
RIP4 (DIK/PKK), a novel member of the RIP kinase family, activates NF-kappa B and is processed during apoptosis.
The glycine cleavage system. Molecular cloning of the chicken and human glycine decarboxylase cDNAs and some characteristics involved in the deduced protein structures.
Chromate-reducing properties of soluble flavoproteins from Pseudomonas putida and Escherichia coli.
The VAR1 locus of Arabidopsis encodes a chloroplastic FtsH and is responsible for leaf variegation in the mutant alleles.
Evidence for regulation of the PTEN tumor suppressor by a membrane-localized multi-PDZ domain containing scaffold protein MAGI-2.
SPFH2 mediates the endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation of inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptors and other substrates in mammalian cells.
Ureide catabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana and Escherichia coli.
Localisation of the human hSuv3p helicase in the mitochondrial matrix and its preferential unwinding of dsDNA.
A novel sorting nexin modulates endocytic trafficking and alpha-secretase cleavage of the amyloid precursor protein.
An initial biochemical and cell biological characterization of the mammalian homologue of a central plant developmental switch, COP1.
Identification of a novel 29-linked polyubiquitin binding protein, Ufd3, using polyubiquitin chain analogues.
Molecular mechanism of bacterial persistence by HipA.
Biochemical analysis of human Dna2.
Characterization of human and mouse peroxiredoxin IV: evidence for inhibition by Prx-IV of epidermal growth factor- and p53-induced reactive oxygen species.
The RON receptor tyrosine kinase promotes MSP-independent cell spreading and survival in breast epithelial cells.
The fat-derived hormone adiponectin reverses insulin resistance associated with both lipoatrophy and obesity.
Cyclophilin D-dependent mitochondrial permeability transition regulates some necrotic but not apoptotic cell death.
Mena is required for neurulation and commissure formation.
Remodeling of ryanodine receptor complex causes "leaky" channels: a molecular mechanism for decreased exercise capacity.
Interactions of the DNA ligase IV-XRCC4 complex with DNA ends and the DNA-dependent protein kinase.
Receptor determinants of zoonotic transmission of New World hemorrhagic fever arenaviruses.
SINTBAD, a novel component of innate antiviral immunity, shares a TBK1-binding domain with NAP1 and TANK.
The adipocyte-secreted protein Acrp30 enhances hepatic insulin action.
Integrin alphaVbeta6-mediated activation of latent TGF-beta requires the latent TGF-beta binding protein-1.
The human Arp2/3 complex is composed of evolutionarily conserved subunits and is localized to cellular regions of dynamic actin filament assembly.
Proteasomal adaptation to environmental stress links resistance to proteotoxicity with longevity in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The role of mismatched nucleotides in activating the hMSH2-hMSH6 molecular switch.
A novel role for mixed-lineage kinase-like mitogen-activated protein triple kinase alpha in neoplastic cell transformation and tumor development.
HIV-1 Nef downregulates MHC-I by a PACS-1- and PI3K-regulated ARF6 endocytic pathway.
ACBP4 and ACBP5, novel Arabidopsis acyl-CoA-binding proteins with kelch motifs that bind oleoyl-CoA.
Structure and function of flavivirus NS5 methyltransferase.
FBW2 targets GCMa to the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation system.
WNK kinases regulate thiazide-sensitive Na-Cl cotransport.
Prenyl-flavonoids as potent inhibitors of the Pdr5p multidrug ABC transporter from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Tumor suppressor NM23-H1 is a granzyme A-activated DNase during CTL-mediated apoptosis, and the nucleosome assembly protein SET is its inhibitor.
DOCK4, a GTPase activator, is disrupted during tumorigenesis.
ATR is a caffeine-sensitive, DNA-activated protein kinase with a substrate specificity distinct from DNA-PK.
The immunoglobulin superfamily protein SYG-1 determines the location of specific synapses in C. elegans.
Phosphoprotein associated with glycosphingolipid-enriched microdomains (PAG), a novel ubiquitously expressed transmembrane adaptor protein, binds the protein tyrosine kinase csk and is involved in regulation of T cell activation.
A new isoform of the histone demethylase JMJD2A/KDM4A is required for skeletal muscle differentiation.
Structure and functional expression of the cloned rat neurotensin receptor.
Classical swine fever virus p7 protein is a viroporin involved in virulence in swine.
Sil phosphorylation in a Pin1 binding domain affects the duration of the spindle checkpoint.
ACR4, a putative receptor kinase gene of Arabidopsis thaliana, that is expressed in the outer cell layers of embryos and plants, is involved in proper embryogenesis.
Mutations in GREB1L Cause Bilateral Kidney Agenesis in Humans and Mice.
Altered endochondral bone development in matrix metalloproteinase 13-deficient mice.
Tcf3 and Lef1 regulate lineage differentiation of multipotent stem cells in skin.
The Fes/Fer non-receptor tyrosine kinase cooperates with Src42A to regulate dorsal closure in Drosophila.
Cloning of human mineralocorticoid receptor complementary DNA: structural and functional kinship with the glucocorticoid receptor.
Structural features of nectin-2 (HveB) required for herpes simplex virus entry.
PPM1A and PPM1B act as IKKbeta phosphatases to terminate TNFalpha-induced IKKbeta-NF-kappaB activation.
Sik (BRK) phosphorylates Sam68 in the nucleus and negatively regulates its RNA binding ability.
Histone methyltransferases G9a and GLP form heteromeric complexes and are both crucial for methylation of euchromatin at H3-K9.
Pax3/7BP is a Pax7- and Pax3-binding protein that regulates the proliferation of muscle precursor cells by an epigenetic mechanism.
Loss of ChlR1 helicase in mouse causes lethality due to the accumulation of aneuploid cells generated by cohesion defects and placental malformation.
A genomic regulatory element that directs assembly and function of immune-specific AP-1-IRF complexes.
Human Bacterial Artificial Chromosome (BAC) Transgenesis Fully Rescues Noradrenergic Function in Dopamine β-Hydroxylase Knockout Mice.
Identification of a Mycobacterium tuberculosis gene that enhances mycobacterial survival in macrophages.
Bactericidal and membrane disruption activities of the eosinophil cationic protein are largely retained in an N-terminal fragment.
Exome sequencing reveals new causal mutations in children with epileptic encephalopathies.
Neuregulin-4: a novel growth factor that acts through the ErbB-4 receptor tyrosine kinase.
Maintenance of muscle myosin levels in adult C. elegans requires both the double bromodomain protein BET-1 and sumoylation.
The transcription factor Spi-1/PU.1 binds RNA and interferes with the RNA-binding protein p54nrb.
Engineering the nucleotide coenzyme specificity and sulfhydryl redox sensitivity of two stress-responsive aldehyde dehydrogenase isoenzymes of Arabidopsis thaliana.
MICALs, a family of conserved flavoprotein oxidoreductases, function in plexin-mediated axonal repulsion.
Identification and molecular characterization of NKp30, a novel triggering receptor involved in natural cytotoxicity mediated by human natural killer cells.
The Snf2 homolog Fun30 acts as a homodimeric ATP-dependent chromatin-remodeling enzyme.
The AMP-activated protein kinase AAK-2 links energy levels and insulin-like signals to lifespan in C. elegans.
A proteinase-storing body that prepares for cell death or stresses in the epidermal cells of Arabidopsis.
Over-production, purification and properties of the uridine-diphosphate-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-glutamate: meso-2,6-diaminopimelate ligase from Escherichia coli.
Molecular insights into replication initiation by Qβ replicase using ribosomal protein S1.
A novel role of the actin-nucleating Arp2/3 complex in the regulation of RNA polymerase II-dependent transcription.
Distinct genetic interactions between multiple Vegf receptors are required for development of different blood vessel types in zebrafish.
Analysis of recombinant human semenogelin as an inhibitor of human sperm motility.
Distinct roles for two C. elegans anillins in the gonad and early embryo.
LARK activates posttranscriptional expression of an essential mammalian clock protein, PERIOD1.
A pathway for phagosome maturation during engulfment of apoptotic cells.
Angiopoietins assemble distinct Tie2 signalling complexes in endothelial cell-cell and cell-matrix contacts.
Human Cdc5, a regulator of mitotic entry, can act as a site-specific DNA binding protein.
Sororin, a substrate of the anaphase-promoting complex, is required for sister chromatid cohesion in vertebrates.
A human 5'-tyrosyl DNA phosphodiesterase that repairs topoisomerase-mediated DNA damage.
Adenovirus fiber disrupts CAR-mediated intercellular adhesion allowing virus escape.
A unique autophosphorylation site on Tie2/Tek mediates Dok-R phosphotyrosine binding domain binding and function.
Wnt9b plays a central role in the regulation of mesenchymal to epithelial transitions underlying organogenesis of the mammalian urogenital system.
Zebrafish tbx-c functions during formation of midline structures.
Natural structural variants of the nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor affect transcriptional activation.
The N-terminal domain of Janus kinase 2 is required for Golgi processing and cell surface expression of erythropoietin receptor.
Cellular stabilization of the melatonin rhythm enzyme induced by nonhydrolyzable phosphonate incorporation.
Phenotypic modulation of smooth muscle cells through interaction of Foxo4 and myocardin.
MSK2 and MSK1 mediate the mitogen- and stress-induced phosphorylation of histone H3 and HMG-14.
Zinc-finger protein A20, a regulator of inflammation and cell survival, has de-ubiquitinating activity.
GTPase properties of the interferon-induced human guanylate-binding protein 2.
Structural basis of G-tract recognition and encaging by hnRNP F quasi-RRMs.
Caenorhabditis elegans transthyretin-like protein TTR-52 mediates recognition of apoptotic cells by the CED-1 phagocyte receptor.
Specific interaction between RNA helicase A and Tap, two cellular proteins that bind to the constitutive transport element of type D retrovirus.
Neurotrophin-induced transport of a beta-actin mRNP complex increases beta-actin levels and stimulates growth cone motility.
Neuropathy target esterase and its yeast homologue degrade phosphatidylcholine to glycerophosphocholine in living cells.
A tRNA-like structure is present in 10Sa RNA, a small stable RNA from Escherichia coli.
Beta2 subunit contribution to 4/7 alpha-conotoxin binding to the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Divergent evolution of vitamin B9 binding underlies Juno-mediated adhesion of mammalian gametes.
Physical and functional interactions between Zic and Gli proteins.
Phosphorylation-independent inhibition of Cdc28p by the tyrosine kinase Swe1p in the morphogenesis checkpoint.
The Rap GTPases regulate B cell migration toward the chemokine stromal cell-derived factor-1 (CXCL12): potential role for Rap2 in promoting B cell migration.
Divergent retroviral late-budding domains recruit vacuolar protein sorting factors by using alternative adaptor proteins.
Active-site mutations in the Xrn1p exoribonuclease of Saccharomyces cerevisiae reveal a specific role in meiosis.
Emi1 stably binds and inhibits the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome as a pseudosubstrate inhibitor.
Mammalian Sir2 homolog SIRT7 is an activator of RNA polymerase I transcription.
Ubiquitin carboxy-terminal hydrolase L1 binds to and stabilizes monoubiquitin in neuron.
Complete reconstitution of the human coenzyme A biosynthetic pathway via comparative genomics.
Calcineurin homologous protein as an essential cofactor for Na+/H+ exchangers.
Topors functions as an E3 ubiquitin ligase with specific E2 enzymes and ubiquitinates p53.
A plant 126-kDa phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase with a novel repeat structure. Cloning and functional expression in baculovirus-infected insect cells.
Identification of a novel membrane protein, HP59, with therapeutic potential as a target of tumor angiogenesis.
Discovering new bioactive neuropeptides in the striatum secretome using in vivo microdialysis and versatile proteomics.
Conserved estrogen binding and signaling functions of the G protein-coupled estrogen receptor 1 (GPER) in mammals and fish.
Deimination of human filaggrin-2 promotes its proteolysis by calpain 1.
A voltage-gated proton-selective channel lacking the pore domain.
C. elegans serine-threonine kinase KIN-29 modulates TGFbeta signaling and regulates body size formation.
Septins regulate actin organization and cell-cycle arrest through nuclear accumulation of NCK mediated by SOCS7.
Regulation of urokinase receptor mRNA stability by hnRNP C in lung epithelial cells.
Pseutarin C, a prothrombin activator from Pseudonaja textilis venom: its structural and functional similarity to mammalian coagulation factor Xa-Va complex.
Plant nuclear RNA polymerase IV mediates siRNA and DNA methylation-dependent heterochromatin formation.
Ser7 phosphorylation of the CTD recruits the RPAP2 Ser5 phosphatase to snRNA genes.
Brittle Culm 12, a dual-targeting kinesin-4 protein, controls cell-cycle progression and wall properties in rice.
Aspartylglucosaminuria: cDNA encoding human aspartylglucosaminidase and the missense mutation causing the disease.
Coagulation Factor XIIIA Subunit Missense Mutations Affect Structure and Function at the Various Steps of Factor XIII Action.
Ajuba, a novel LIM protein, interacts with Grb2, augments mitogen-activated protein kinase activity in fibroblasts, and promotes meiotic maturation of Xenopus oocytes in a Grb2- and Ras-dependent manner.
Contributions of conserved serine residues to the interactions of ligands with dopamine D2 receptors.
beta ig-h3: a transforming growth factor-beta-responsive gene encoding a secreted protein that inhibits cell attachment in vitro and suppresses the growth of CHO cells in nude mice.
PER3 polymorphism predicts sleep structure and waking performance.
Evidence that tristetraprolin binds to AU-rich elements and promotes the deadenylation and destabilization of tumor necrosis factor alpha mRNA.
The structure of the ubiquinol oxidase from Escherichia coli and its ubiquinone binding site.
PWP1 Mediates Nutrient-Dependent Growth Control through Nucleolar Regulation of Ribosomal Gene Expression.
Structural and functional insights of RANKL-RANK interaction and signaling.
Exposed loop domains of complexed 14-3-3 proteins contribute to structural diversity and functional specificity.
Spire-type actin nucleators cooperate with Formin-2 to drive asymmetric oocyte division.
The gene from the short arm of chromosome 3, at D3F15S2, frequently deleted in renal cell carcinoma, encodes acylpeptide hydrolase.
Activation of ethylene signaling is mediated by nuclear translocation of the cleaved EIN2 carboxyl terminus.
Hrs1/Med3 is a Cyc8-Tup1 corepressor target in the RNA polymerase II holoenzyme.
Cowpea mosaic virus RNA-1 acts as an amplicon whose effects can be counteracted by a RNA-2-encoded suppressor of silencing.
Eye colour: portals into pigmentation genes and ancestry.
Organization of the Sindbis virus nucleocapsid as revealed by bifunctional cross-linking agents.
Purification, characterization, and cellular localization of the 100-kDa human placental GTPase-activating protein.
The role of biotin in regulating 3-methylcrotonyl-coenzyme a carboxylase expression in Arabidopsis.
Fate of the nuclear lamina during Caenorhabditis elegans apoptosis.
Plant Elongator regulates auxin-related genes during RNA polymerase II transcription elongation.
Parallels between cytokinesis and retroviral budding: a role for the ESCRT machinery.
Extracellular domain alterations impact surface expression of stimulatory natural killer cell receptor KIR2DS5.
Loss of AtPDR8, a plasma membrane ABC transporter of Arabidopsis thaliana, causes hypersensitive cell death upon pathogen infection.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein kinase K confers survival advantage during early infection in mice and regulates growth in culture and during persistent infection: implications for immune modulation.
Insulin-regulated hepatic gluconeogenesis through FOXO1-PGC-1alpha interaction.
Autosomal recessive cortical myoclonic tremor and epilepsy: association with a mutation in the potassium channel associated gene CNTN2.
Catalytic action of fuculose 1-phosphate aldolase (class II) as derived from structure-directed mutagenesis.
The Arabidopsis Receptor Kinase ZAR1 Is Required for Zygote Asymmetric Division and Its Daughter Cell Fate.
67-kDa laminin receptor promotes internalization of cytotoxic necrotizing factor 1-expressing Escherichia coli K1 into human brain microvascular endothelial cells.
HOS, a human homolog of Slimb, forms an SCF complex with Skp1 and Cullin1 and targets the phosphorylation-dependent degradation of IkappaB and beta-catenin.
Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 7 (HPS-7) results from mutant dysbindin, a member of the biogenesis of lysosome-related organelles complex 1 (BLOC-1).
Pharmacological and x-ray structural characterization of a novel selective androgen receptor modulator: potent hyperanabolic stimulation of skeletal muscle with hypostimulation of prostate in rats.
ZMYND8 Reads the Dual Histone Mark H3K4me1-H3K14ac to Antagonize the Expression of Metastasis-Linked Genes.
A CaMKII-NeuroD signaling pathway specifies dendritic morphogenesis.
Hyaluronan-CD44 interaction stimulates Rac1 signaling and PKN gamma kinase activation leading to cytoskeleton function and cell migration in astrocytes.
Immunoaffinity purification and functional characterization of human transcription factor IIH and RNA polymerase II from clonal cell lines that conditionally express epitope-tagged subunits of the multiprotein complexes.
Further characterization of the type 3 ryanodine receptor (RyR3) purified from rabbit diaphragm.
The double-histone-acetyltransferase complex ATAC is essential for mammalian development.
Fasting induces ketoacidosis and hypothermia in PDHK2/PDHK4-double-knockout mice.
Polar expression of ErbB-2/HER2 in epithelia. Bimodal regulation by Lin-7.
Requirements within the Ebola Viral Glycoprotein for Tetherin Antagonism.
Cbl-ArgBP2 complex mediates ubiquitination and degradation of c-Abl.
Novel tyrosine phosphorylated and cardiolipin-binding protein CLPABP functions as mitochondrial RNA granule.
Overexpression of eukaryotic translation elongation factor 3 impairs Gcn2 protein activation.
Revisiting the postulated "unitary glutamate receptor": electrophysiological and pharmacological analysis in two heterologous expression systems fails to detect evidence for its existence.
Regulation of trans-activating capacity of CRE-BPa by phorbol ester tumor promoter TPA.
Role of the AP2 beta-appendage hub in recruiting partners for clathrin-coated vesicle assembly.
Characterization of Ke 6, a new 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, and its expression in gonadal tissues.
Molecular characterization of a novel metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR5 coupled to inositol phosphate/Ca2+ signal transduction.
Sex-specific transcripts of the Dstpk61 serine/threonine kinase gene in Drosophila melanogaster.
Identification of a dual specificity kinase that activates the Jun kinases and p38-Mpk2.
Identification of a novel microtubule-destabilizing motif in CPAP that binds to tubulin heterodimers and inhibits microtubule assembly.
CtBP is an essential corepressor for BCL6 autoregulation.
Heteromultimeric channels formed by rat brain potassium-channel proteins.
Murine CENPF interacts with syntaxin 4 in the regulation of vesicular transport.
A serpin mutant links Toll activation to melanization in the host defence of Drosophila.
Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase 9 is required for the biogenesis of oxidative phosphorylation complex I.
Dendritic cells release HLA-B-associated transcript-3 positive exosomes to regulate natural killer function.
Crystal structure of a 12 ANK repeat stack from human ankyrinR.
Hierarchical mechanisms for direct reprogramming of fibroblasts to neurons.
Structural mechanism for sterol sensing and transport by OSBP-related proteins.
Interleukin-4-dependent production of PPAR-gamma ligands in macrophages by 12/15-lipoxygenase.
Protein kinase C phosphorylates RGS2 and modulates its capacity for negative regulation of Galpha 11 signaling.
Characterization of the monomethylarsonate reductase and dehydroascorbate reductase activities of Omega class glutathione transferase variants: implications for arsenic metabolism and the age-at-onset of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
SIRT4 inhibits glutamate dehydrogenase and opposes the effects of calorie restriction in pancreatic beta cells.
MMP13 mutation causes spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Missouri type (SEMD(MO).
Ded1p, a DEAD-box protein required for translation initiation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, is an RNA helicase.
Phosphorylation of protein kinase N by phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1 mediates insulin signals to the actin cytoskeleton.
Type II metacaspases Atmc4 and Atmc9 of Arabidopsis thaliana cleave substrates after arginine and lysine.
Ca(2+) channel modulation by recombinant auxiliary beta subunits expressed in young adult heart cells.
Tyrosine sulfation is required for agonist recognition by glycoprotein hormone receptors.
The graded response to Sonic Hedgehog depends on cilia architecture.
Phylogeny of Cas9 determines functional exchangeability of dual-RNA and Cas9 among orthologous type II CRISPR-Cas systems.
Three related receptor-like kinases are required for optimal cell elongation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The kinase TAK1 can activate the NIK-I kappaB as well as the MAP kinase cascade in the IL-1 signalling pathway.
Histidine phosphorylation of the potassium channel KCa3.1 by nucleoside diphosphate kinase B is required for activation of KCa3.1 and CD4 T cells.
The X-ray structure of a BAK homodimer reveals an inhibitory zinc binding site.
Copine-III interacts with ErbB2 and promotes tumor cell migration.
Conserved serine/threonine kinase encoded by CBK1 regulates expression of several hypha-associated transcripts and genes encoding cell wall proteins in Candida albicans.
Mutagenesis of folylpolyglutamate synthetase indicates that dihydropteroate and tetrahydrofolate bind to the same site.
The coxsackie-adenovirus receptor (CAR) is used by reference strains and clinical isolates representing all six serotypes of coxsackievirus group B and by swine vesicular disease virus.
The alpha 2-macroglobulin receptor/low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein binds and internalizes Pseudomonas exotoxin A.
Translation is required to remove Y14 from mRNAs in the cytoplasm.
Induction of intracellular membrane rearrangements by HAV proteins 2C and 2BC.
A receptor tyrosine kinase, UFO/Axl, and other genes isolated by a modified differential display PCR are overexpressed in metastatic prostatic carcinoma cell line DU145.
LIP-1 phosphatase controls the extent of germline proliferation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The Src homology 2 domain containing inositol 5-phosphatase SHIP2 is recruited to the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor and dephosphorylates phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate in EGF-stimulated COS-7 cells.
CrkRS: a novel conserved Cdc2-related protein kinase that colocalises with SC35 speckles.
TAZ: a novel transcriptional co-activator regulated by interactions with 14-3-3 and PDZ domain proteins.
ten-1, an essential gene for germ cell development, epidermal morphogenesis, gonad migration, and neuronal pathfinding in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Opposite thermosensor in fruitfly and mouse.
Serotonin 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors form homodimers when expressed alone and heterodimers when co-expressed.
Genomic organization of a human 5beta-reductase and its pseudogene and substrate selectivity of the expressed enzyme.
LAPTMs regulate lysosomal function and interact with mucolipin 1: new clues for understanding mucolipidosis type IV.
The Borgs, a new family of Cdc42 and TC10 GTPase-interacting proteins.
dsu functions in a MYO5A-independent pathway to suppress the coat color of dilute mice.
SHARPIN is a component of the NF-κB-activating linear ubiquitin chain assembly complex.
PEX14 is required for microtubule-based peroxisome motility in human cells.
Structural insight into the regulation of MOF in the male-specific lethal complex and the non-specific lethal complex.
NIR, an inhibitor of histone acetyltransferases, regulates transcription factor TAp63 and is controlled by the cell cycle.
Distinct molecular mechanism for initiating TRAF6 signalling.
nagie oko, encoding a MAGUK-family protein, is essential for cellular patterning of the retina.
Loss of corneodesmosin leads to severe skin barrier defect, pruritus, and atopy: unraveling the peeling skin disease.
Misinsertion and bypass of thymine-thymine dimers by human DNA polymerase iota.
The Drosophila atypical protein kinase C-ref(2)p complex constitutes a conserved module for signaling in the toll pathway.
Farnesyltransferase inhibitors disrupt EGF receptor traffic through modulation of the RhoB GTPase.
Crotoxin: novel activities for a classic beta-neurotoxin.
ALKBH4-dependent demethylation of actin regulates actomyosin dynamics.
Biological characterization of angiopoietin-3 and angiopoietin-4.
Activation and allosteric modulation of a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
A mutant allele of essential, general translation initiation factor DED1 selectively inhibits translation of a viral mRNA.
Pump-1 cDNA codes for a protein with characteristics similar to those of classical collagenase family members.
Synphilin-1A: an aggregation-prone isoform of synphilin-1 that causes neuronal death and is present in aggregates from alpha-synucleinopathy patients.
Identification and characterization of a mammalian 39-kDa poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase.
Retinol Esterification by DGAT1 Is Essential for Retinoid Homeostasis in Murine Skin.
Interleukin-2-inducible T cell kinase (Itk) network edge dependence for the maturation of iNKT cell.
Role of yeast glutaredoxins as glutathione S-transferases.
AthPEX10, a nuclear gene essential for peroxisome and storage organelle formation during Arabidopsis embryogenesis.
Osh4p exchanges sterols for phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate between lipid bilayers.
Mieap, a p53-inducible protein, controls mitochondrial quality by repairing or eliminating unhealthy mitochondria.
RORgammat recruits steroid receptor coactivators to ensure thymocyte survival.
The unfolded protein response pathway in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Oligomerization and trans-phosphorylation of Ire1p (Ern1p) are required for kinase activation.
Interaction of the Arabidopsis E2F and DP proteins confers their concomitant nuclear translocation and transactivation.
The growth-regulatory protein HCRP1/hVps37A is a subunit of mammalian ESCRT-I and mediates receptor down-regulation.
Cloning of a transcriptionally active human TATA binding factor.
The Usher 1B protein, MYO7A, is required for normal localization and function of the visual retinoid cycle enzyme, RPE65.
Myosin phosphatase-targeting subunit 1 regulates mitosis by antagonizing polo-like kinase 1.
Mass spectrometry-based profiling of phospholipids and sphingolipids in extracts from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
LGP2 is a positive regulator of RIG-I- and MDA5-mediated antiviral responses.
Crystal structure of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase, a major determinant of the pharmacokinetics of the anti-cancer drug 5-fluorouracil.
Identification and characterization of a novel human PP1 phosphatase complex.
Rab-interacting lysosomal protein (RILP): the Rab7 effector required for transport to lysosomes.
Multidrug resistance-like genes of Arabidopsis required for auxin transport and auxin-mediated development.
An Ryr1I4895T mutation abolishes Ca2+ release channel function and delays development in homozygous offspring of a mutant mouse line.
CD4 expression on activated NK cells: ligation of CD4 induces cytokine expression and cell migration.
The amino terminus of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) glycoprotein E is required for binding to insulin-degrading enzyme, a VZV receptor.
A molecular mechanism for circadian clock negative feedback.
AMPK is a direct adenylate charge-regulated protein kinase.
EPRS is a critical mTORC1-S6K1 effector that influences adiposity in mice.
Tyramine and octopamine have opposite effects on the locomotion of Drosophila larvae.
Identification of amino acid determinants of the positional specificity of mouse 8S-lipoxygenase and human 15S-lipoxygenase-2.
Fgf-8, activated by proviral insertion, cooperates with the Wnt-1 transgene in murine mammary tumorigenesis.
Recruitment of RED-SMU1 complex by Influenza A Virus RNA polymerase to control Viral mRNA splicing.
Clinical, genetic, and expression studies of mutations in the potassium channel gene KCNA1 reveal new phenotypic variability.
Expression of DC-SIGN and DC-SIGNR on human sinusoidal endothelium: a role for capturing hepatitis C virus particles.
THE EFFECT OF MUTATION OF TWO FORMS OF PHOSPHOGLUCOMUTASE IN SACCHAROMYCES.
The E2F family of transcription factors from Arabidopsis thaliana. Novel and conserved components of the retinoblastoma/E2F pathway in plants.
Reversal of DNA alkylation damage by two human dioxygenases.
IRE1-mediated unconventional mRNA splicing and S2P-mediated ATF6 cleavage merge to regulate XBP1 in signaling the unfolded protein response.
MST4, a new Ste20-related kinase that mediates cell growth and transformation via modulating ERK pathway.
An inflammatory bowel disease-risk variant in INAVA decreases pattern recognition receptor-induced outcomes.
A Role of RNA Helicase A in cis-Acting Transactivation Response Element-mediated Transcriptional Regulation of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1.
Discovery of an RNA virus 3'->5' exoribonuclease that is critically involved in coronavirus RNA synthesis.
Retinoic acid early inducible genes define a ligand family for the activating NKG2D receptor in mice.
Syndapin I and endophilin I bind overlapping proline-rich regions of dynamin I: role in synaptic vesicle endocytosis.
Discovery of molecular and catalytic diversity among human diphosphoinositol-polyphosphate phosphohydrolases. An expanding Nudt family.
A large-scale RNAi screen in human cells identifies new components of the p53 pathway.
Transition state model and mechanism of nucleophilic aromatic substitution reactions catalyzed by human glutathione S-transferase M1a-1a.
The MYB46 transcription factor is a direct target of SND1 and regulates secondary wall biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
Interferon signaling is dependent on specific tyrosines located within the intracellular domain of IFNAR2c. Expression of IFNAR2c tyrosine mutants in U5A cells.
HOT1 is a mammalian direct telomere repeat-binding protein contributing to telomerase recruitment.
BAL1 and BBAP are regulated by a gamma interferon-responsive bidirectional promoter and are overexpressed in diffuse large B-cell lymphomas with a prominent inflammatory infiltrate.
Keratin 20 helps maintain intermediate filament organization in intestinal epithelia.
A large-scale screen in S. pombe identifies seven novel genes required for critical meiotic events.
Interactions of human tenascin-X domains with dermal extracellular matrix molecules.
Downregulation of natural killer cell-activating ligand CD155 by human cytomegalovirus UL141.
Nek2A kinase stimulates centrosome disjunction and is required for formation of bipolar mitotic spindles.
Nucleophosmin (NPM1/B23) interacts with activating transcription factor 5 (ATF5) protein and promotes proteasome- and caspase-dependent ATF5 degradation in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Effects of knockout of the protein kinase C beta gene on glucose transport and glucose homeostasis.
Congenital disorders of glycosylation IIa cause growth retardation, mental retardation, and facial dysmorphism.
RasGAP-associated endoribonuclease G3Bp: selective RNA degradation and phosphorylation-dependent localization.
Histone chaperone Spt6 is required for class switch recombination but not somatic hypermutation.
A minimal exonuclease domain of WRN forms a hexamer on DNA and possesses both 3'- 5' exonuclease and 5'-protruding strand endonuclease activities.
Nicastrin is required for assembly of presenilin/gamma-secretase complexes to mediate Notch signaling and for processing and trafficking of beta-amyloid precursor protein in mammals.
Human 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/delta 5----4isomerase from placenta: expression in nonsteroidogenic cells of a protein that catalyzes the dehydrogenation/isomerization of C21 and C19 steroids.
Activation of cytokine production by secreted phospholipase A2 in human lung macrophages expressing the M-type receptor.
Demethylation of trimethylated histone H3 Lys4 in vivo by JARID1 JmjC proteins.
Entry of hepatitis C virus pseudotypes into primary human hepatocytes by clathrin-dependent endocytosis.
Phosphorylation of cyclin dependent kinase 4 on tyrosine 17 is mediated by Src family kinases.
Genetic engineering of snake toxins. The functional site of Erabutoxin a, as delineated by site-directed mutagenesis, includes variant residues.
MAPKKK6, a novel mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase, that associates with MAPKKK5.
Site-directed mutations of the gatekeeping loop region affect the activity of Escherichia coli spermidine synthase.
Characterization of uronic-acid-rich inhibitor of calcium oxalate crystallization isolated from rat urine.
The zinc finger transcription factor Gfi1, implicated in lymphomagenesis, is required for inner ear hair cell differentiation and survival.
Targeted disruption of the Wnt regulator Kremen induces limb defects and high bone density.
Transcriptional repression induces a slowly progressive atypical neuronal death associated with changes of YAP isoforms and p73.
Subdomain VIII is a specificity-determining region in MEKK1.
The Drosophila forkhead transcription factor FOXO mediates the reduction in cell number associated with reduced insulin signaling.
Mechanism-inspired engineering of phenylalanine aminomutase for enhanced β-regioselective asymmetric amination of cinnamates.
Normal germ line establishment in mice carrying a deletion of the Ifitm/Fragilis gene family cluster.
Evidence for mitochondrial localization of divalent metal transporter 1 (DMT1).
Mcm10 and the MCM2-7 complex interact to initiate DNA synthesis and to release replication factors from origins.
Substitution of the thioredoxin system for glutathione reductase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Nogo-66 receptor antagonist peptide promotes axonal regeneration.
ATM activation by ionizing radiation requires BRCA1-associated BAAT1.
SREBP pathway responds to sterols and functions as an oxygen sensor in fission yeast.
Alanine aminotransferase homologs catalyze the glutamate:glyoxylate aminotransferase reaction in peroxisomes of Arabidopsis.
Fbxo45 forms a novel ubiquitin ligase complex and is required for neuronal development.
NAA80 is actin's N-terminal acetyltransferase and regulates cytoskeleton assembly and cell motility.
Hsl7p, a negative regulator of Ste20p protein kinase in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae filamentous growth-signaling pathway.
Building a spindle of the correct length in human cells requires the interaction between TPX2 and Aurora A.
JNK regulates HIPK3 expression and promotes resistance to Fas-mediated apoptosis in DU 145 prostate carcinoma cells.
Regulation of Rap1 activity by RapGAP1 controls cell adhesion at the front of chemotaxing cells.
Mutations in the O-mannosyltransferase gene POMT1 give rise to the severe neuronal migration disorder Walker-Warburg syndrome.
CDK10/cyclin M is a protein kinase that controls ETS2 degradation and is deficient in STAR syndrome.
Suppression of apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1-induced cell death by 14-3-3 proteins.
Role of HSP90 in salt stress tolerance via stabilization and regulation of calcineurin.
HAUSP, a deubiquitinating enzyme for p53, is polyubiquitinated, polyneddylated, and dimerized.
Redundant function of REV-ERBalpha and beta and non-essential role for Bmal1 cycling in transcriptional regulation of intracellular circadian rhythms.
Cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding an A-kinase anchoring protein located in the centrosome, AKAP450.
Crystal structure of CYP105A1 (P450SU-1) in complex with 1alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3.
Structural analysis and DNA binding of the HMG domains of the human mitochondrial transcription factor A.
DCDC2 mutations cause a renal-hepatic ciliopathy by disrupting Wnt signaling.
The nucleoporin RanBP2 has SUMO1 E3 ligase activity.
The oxidative DNA glycosylases of Mycobacterium tuberculosis exhibit different substrate preferences from their Escherichia coli counterparts.
Riboneogenesis in yeast.
A critical role for the EphA3 receptor tyrosine kinase in heart development.
A conserved phosphatase cascade that regulates nuclear membrane biogenesis.
Roles of yeast DNA polymerases delta and zeta and of Rev1 in the bypass of abasic sites.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 16/PCTAIRE kinase 1 is activated by cyclin Y and is essential for spermatogenesis.
Dephosphorylation of 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate by MIPP expands the regulatory capacity of the Rapoport-Luebering glycolytic shunt.
2C-Methyl-d-erythritol 4-phosphate enhances and sustains cyclodiphosphate synthase IspF activity.
Loss of mitochondrial protease OMA1 alters processing of the GTPase OPA1 and causes obesity and defective thermogenesis in mice.
Retinoic acid regulates sex-specific timing of meiotic initiation in mice.
Isolation of timeless by PER protein interaction: defective interaction between timeless protein and long-period mutant PERL.
Rhythmic expression of timeless: a basis for promoting circadian cycles in period gene autoregulation.
SOST is a ligand for LRP5/LRP6 and a Wnt signaling inhibitor.
Phosphorylation of mitochondrial phospholipid scramblase 3 by protein kinase C-delta induces its activation and facilitates mitochondrial targeting of tBid.
TGF-beta induces assembly of a Smad2-Smurf2 ubiquitin ligase complex that targets SnoN for degradation.
Evidence for Follicle-stimulating Hormone Receptor as a Functional Trimer.
Pro-apoptotic function of calsenilin/DREAM/KChIP3.
Microtubule-associated protein 1B interaction with tubulin tyrosine ligase contributes to the control of microtubule tyrosination.
c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase targeting and phosphorylation of heat shock factor-1 suppress its transcriptional activity.
Junctate is a Ca2+-sensing structural component of Orai1 and stromal interaction molecule 1 (STIM1).
Silencing of sigma-1 receptor induces cell death in human lens cells.
Involvement of cdc13+ in mitotic control in Schizosaccharomyces pombe: possible interaction of the gene product with microtubules.
Plk4-induced centriole biogenesis in human cells.
LSD2/KDM1B and its cofactor NPAC/GLYR1 endow a structural and molecular model for regulation of H3K4 demethylation.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis serine/threonine kinases PknB, PknD, PknE, and PknF phosphorylate multiple FHA domains.
The human core exosome interacts with differentially localized processive RNases: hDIS3 and hDIS3L.
Cloning and characterization of two human VIP1-like inositol hexakisphosphate and diphosphoinositol pentakisphosphate kinases.
Symplekin and multiple other polyadenylation factors participate in 3'-end maturation of histone mRNAs.
A role for the deubiquitinating enzyme USP28 in control of the DNA-damage response.
Gene expression profiling reveals a regulatory role for ROR alpha and ROR gamma in phase I and phase II metabolism.
The structure and binding mode of interleukin-18.
Antivirally active MxA protein sequesters La Crosse virus nucleocapsid protein into perinuclear complexes.
A histone code in meiosis: the histone kinase, NHK-1, is required for proper chromosomal architecture in Drosophila oocytes.
Methylation of histone H4 lysine 20 controls recruitment of Crb2 to sites of DNA damage.
TRIM39 is a MOAP-1-binding protein that stabilizes MOAP-1 through inhibition of its poly-ubiquitination process.
Mutational analysis of human hydroxysteroid sulfotransferase SULT2B1 isoforms reveals that exon 1B of the SULT2B1 gene produces cholesterol sulfotransferase, whereas exon 1A yields pregnenolone sulfotransferase.
Structure and analysis of FCHo2 F-BAR domain: a dimerizing and membrane recruitment module that effects membrane curvature.
A conserved family of enzymes that phosphorylate inositol hexakisphosphate.
The adaptor protein beta-arrestin2 enhances endocytosis of the low density lipoprotein receptor.
The ectoenzyme E-NPP3 negatively regulates ATP-dependent chronic allergic responses by basophils and mast cells.
Staphylococcus aureus protein A recognizes platelet gC1qR/p33: a novel mechanism for staphylococcal interactions with platelets.
Identification of five interferon-induced cellular proteins that inhibit west nile virus and dengue virus infections.
Protruding vulva mutants identify novel loci and Wnt signaling factors that function during Caenorhabditis elegans vulva development.
The ALG-2-interacting protein Alix associates with CHMP4b, a human homologue of yeast Snf7 that is involved in multivesicular body sorting.
A mechanism for the regulation of pre-mRNA 3' processing by human cleavage factor Im.
Transport-dependent endocytosis and turnover of a uric acid-xanthine permease.
TRIM E3 ligases interfere with early and late stages of the retroviral life cycle.
14-3-3 proteins mediate inhibitory effects of cAMP on salt-inducible kinases (SIKs).
TEAD transcription factors mediate the function of TAZ in cell growth and epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Mutations in EFHC1 cause juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Signaling by proinflammatory cytokines: oligomerization of TRAF2 and TRAF6 is sufficient for JNK and IKK activation and target gene induction via an amino-terminal effector domain.
Structure of an Ebf1:DNA complex reveals unusual DNA recognition and structural homology with Rel proteins.
CK2 phospho-dependent binding of R2TP complex to TEL2 is essential for mTOR and SMG1 stability.
MLK3 is required for mitogen activation of B-Raf, ERK and cell proliferation.
Protrudin induces neurite formation by directional membrane trafficking.
Catabolite repression mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae show altered fermentative metabolism as well as cell cycle behavior in glucose-limited chemostat cultures.
Glutamine synthetase GlnA1 is essential for growth of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in human THP-1 macrophages and guinea pigs.
Rhodopsin kinase and arrestin binding control the decay of photoactivated rhodopsin and dark adaptation of mouse rods.
Human adenylosuccinate lyase (ADSL), cloning and characterization of full-length cDNA and its isoform, gene structure and molecular basis for ADSL deficiency in six patients.
Late domain-independent rescue of a release-deficient Moloney murine leukemia virus by the ubiquitin ligase itch.
Lats2, a putative tumor suppressor, inhibits G1/S transition.
Voltage-gated sodium channel expressed in cultured human smooth muscle cells: involvement of SCN9A.
Myosin IIIB uses an actin-binding motif in its espin-1 cargo to reach the tips of actin protrusions.
Cooperation between engulfment receptors: the case of ABCA1 and MEGF10.
Modification of the amino terminus of a class II epitope confers resistance to degradation by CD13 on dendritic cells and enhances presentation to T cells.
A new class of receptor for herpes simplex virus has heptad repeat motifs that are common to membrane fusion proteins.
Differential acetylation of Tat coordinates its interaction with the co-activators cyclin T1 and PCAF.
A Rab8-specific GDP/GTP exchange factor is involved in actin remodeling and polarized membrane transport.
Transcriptional activation by a matrix associating region-binding protein. contextual requirements for the function of bright.
The Arabidopsis RPS4 bacterial-resistance gene is a member of the TIR-NBS-LRR family of disease-resistance genes.
Candida albicans Als proteins mediate aggregation with bacteria and yeasts.
Distinct beta-catenins mediate adhesion and signalling functions in C. elegans.
Human DNA glycosylases of the bacterial Fpg/MutM superfamily: an alternative pathway for the repair of 8-oxoguanine and other oxidation products in DNA.
Crystal structure of human aldehyde dehydrogenase 1A3 complexed with NAD<sup>+</sup> and retinoic acid.
SUZ12 is required for both the histone methyltransferase activity and the silencing function of the EED-EZH2 complex.
Characterization of human circulating TIG2 as a ligand for the orphan receptor ChemR23.
The SOCS box of SOCS-1 accelerates ubiquitin-dependent proteolysis of TEL-JAK2.
The Drosophila centrosome-associated protein CP190 is essential for viability but not for cell division.
RFWD3-Mdm2 ubiquitin ligase complex positively regulates p53 stability in response to DNA damage.
XBP1 mRNA is induced by ATF6 and spliced by IRE1 in response to ER stress to produce a highly active transcription factor.
Smyd3 regulates cancer cell phenotypes and catalyzes histone H4 lysine 5 methylation.
Two class XI myosins function in organelle trafficking and root hair development in Arabidopsis.
A critical role for DNA end-joining proteins in both lymphogenesis and neurogenesis.
Legumain/asparaginyl endopeptidase controls extracellular matrix remodeling through the degradation of fibronectin in mouse renal proximal tubular cells.
Structural insights into rice BGlu1 beta-glucosidase oligosaccharide hydrolysis and transglycosylation.
Bop encodes a muscle-restricted protein containing MYND and SET domains and is essential for cardiac differentiation and morphogenesis.
Deubiquitination of p53 by HAUSP is an important pathway for p53 stabilization.
Defective prelamin A processing and muscular and adipocyte alterations in Zmpste24 metalloproteinase-deficient mice.
Identification of omentin as a novel depot-specific adipokine in human adipose tissue: possible role in modulating insulin action.
The C-terminal region of Rift Valley fever virus NSm protein targets the protein to the mitochondrial outer membrane and exerts antiapoptotic function.
The EGL-3 proprotein convertase regulates mechanosensory responses of Caenorhabditis elegans.
A novel arsenate reductase from the arsenic hyperaccumulating fern Pteris vittata.
Role of the Rab GTP-binding protein Ypt3 in the fission yeast exocytic pathway and its connection to calcineurin function.
Truncated, inactive N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase III (GlcNAc-TIII) induces neurological and other traits absent in mice that lack GlcNAc-TIII.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) mannosidase I is compartmentalized and required for N-glycan trimming to Man5-6GlcNAc2 in glycoprotein ER-associated degradation.
A tripartite motif protein TRIM11 binds and destabilizes Humanin, a neuroprotective peptide against Alzheimer's disease-relevant insults.
Radiation-mediated proteolysis of CDT1 by CUL4-ROC1 and CSN complexes constitutes a new checkpoint.
Induction of endoplasmic reticulum-derived replication-competent membrane structures by West Nile virus non-structural protein 4B.
Rac1 deficiency in the forebrain results in neural progenitor reduction and microcephaly.
Hem-1 complexes are essential for Rac activation, actin polymerization, and myosin regulation during neutrophil chemotaxis.
NADPH oxidase AtrbohD and AtrbohF genes function in ROS-dependent ABA signaling in Arabidopsis.
Cell division inhibitors SulA and MinC/MinD block septum formation at different steps in the assembly of the Escherichia coli division machinery.
Response of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to severe osmotic stress: evidence for a novel activation mechanism of the HOG MAP kinase pathway.
RNA exosome depletion reveals transcription upstream of active human promoters.
gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase from Escherichia coli K-12: purification and properties.
Mammalian miRNA RISC recruits CAF1 and PABP to affect PABP-dependent deadenylation.
4-O-phosphoryl-L-threonine, a substrate of the pdxC(serC) gene product involved in vitamin B6 biosynthesis.
IL-33, an interleukin-1-like cytokine that signals via the IL-1 receptor-related protein ST2 and induces T helper type 2-associated cytokines.
sog and dpp exert opposing maternal functions to modify toll signaling and pattern the dorsoventral axis of the Drosophila embryo.
The yeast lgl family member Sro7p is an effector of the secretory Rab GTPase Sec4p.
Self recognition in the Ig superfamily. Identification of precise subdomains in carcinoembryonic antigen required for intercellular adhesion.
The nonspecific lethal complex is a transcriptional regulator in Drosophila.
The plant TPX2 protein regulates prospindle assembly before nuclear envelope breakdown.
The early-flowering mutant efs is involved in the autonomous promotion pathway of Arabidopsis thaliana.
EAR2 and EAR3/COUP-TFI regulate transcription of the rat LH receptor.
CYP4V2 in Bietti's crystalline dystrophy: ocular localization, metabolism of ω-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids, and functional deficit of the p.H331P variant.
Role of membrane cofactor protein (CD46) in regulation of C4b and C3b deposited on cells.
Characterization of mouse and human B7-H3 genes.
Cytochrome complex essential for photosynthetic oxidation of both thiosulfate and sulfide in Rhodovulum sulfidophilum.
stathmin, a gene enriched in the amygdala, controls both learned and innate fear.
RNF185 is a novel E3 ligase of endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation (ERAD) that targets cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR).
Ddx42p--a human DEAD box protein with RNA chaperone activities.
A Tumor suppressor complex with GAP activity for the Rag GTPases that signal amino acid sufficiency to mTORC1.
Microtubule regulation in mitosis: tubulin phosphorylation by the cyclin-dependent kinase Cdk1.
Correction of xeroderma pigmentosum repair defect by basal transcription factor BTF2 (TFIIH).
The spitz gene is required for photoreceptor determination in the Drosophila eye where it interacts with the EGF receptor.
A conserved p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway regulates Drosophila immunity gene expression.
NSPc1, a mainly nuclear localized protein of novel PcG family members, has a transcription repression activity related to its PKC phosphorylation site at S183.
Brain-specific BNIP-2-homology protein Caytaxin relocalises glutaminase to neurite terminals and reduces glutamate levels.
Apg16p is required for the function of the Apg12p-Apg5p conjugate in the yeast autophagy pathway.
Cutting edge: nociceptin stimulates neutrophil chemotaxis and recruitment: inhibition by aspirin-triggered-15-epi-lipoxin A4.
The topoisomerase II-associated protein, Pat1p, is required for maintenance of rDNA locus stability in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Chondroitinase ABC I from Proteus vulgaris: cloning, recombinant expression and active site identification.
Interdependent roles for accessory KChIP2, KChIP3, and KChIP4 subunits in the generation of Kv4-encoded IA channels in cortical pyramidal neurons.
THE ENZYMES OF THE GALACTOSE OPERON IN ESCHERICHIA COLI. I. PURIFICATION AND CHARACTERIZATION OF URIDINE DIPHOSPHOGALACTOSE 4-EPIMERASE.
Tyrosine residues in phospholipase Cgamma 2 essential for the enzyme function in B-cell signaling.
The FcgammaRIa (CD64) ligand binding chain triggers major histocompatibility complex class II antigen presentation independently of its associated FcR gamma-chain.
Zebrafish wnt8 encodes two wnt8 proteins on a bicistronic transcript and is required for mesoderm and neurectoderm patterning.
Functional analysis of naturally occurring amino acid substitutions in human IFN-gammaR1.
Identification and characterization of a novel gene, c1orf109, encoding a CK2 substrate that is involved in cancer cell proliferation.
Both NS3 and NS4A are required for proteolytic processing of hepatitis C virus nonstructural proteins.
Control of the postmating behavioral switch in Drosophila females by internal sensory neurons.
LET-767 is required for the production of branched chain and long chain fatty acids in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Synoviolin/Hrd1, an E3 ubiquitin ligase, as a novel pathogenic factor for arthropathy.
Identification and characterization of a novel Golgi protein, GCP60, that interacts with the integral membrane protein giantin.
Autoantigen Ro52 is an E3 ubiquitin ligase.
mTORC1 directly phosphorylates and regulates human MAF1.
Nicastrin modulates presenilin-mediated notch/glp-1 signal transduction and betaAPP processing.
The DRASIC cation channel contributes to the detection of cutaneous touch and acid stimuli in mice.
Analysis of a high-throughput yeast two-hybrid system and its use to predict the function of intracellular proteins encoded within the human MHC class III region.
The cloning of a Caenorhabditis elegans guanylyl cyclase and the construction of a ligand-sensitive mammalian/nematode chimeric receptor.
Annealing helicase 2 (AH2), a DNA-rewinding motor with an HNH motif.
RICS, a novel GTPase-activating protein for Cdc42 and Rac1, is involved in the beta-catenin-N-cadherin and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor signaling.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of villin regulates the organization of the actin cytoskeleton.
Yeast aconitase binds and provides metabolically coupled protection to mitochondrial DNA.
mTOR.RICTOR is the Ser473 kinase for Akt/protein kinase B in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Evidence that HIV-1 reverse transcriptase employs the DNA 3' end-directed primary/secondary RNase H cleavage mechanism during synthesis and strand transfer.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Cpn60.2 and DnaK are located on the bacterial surface, where Cpn60.2 facilitates efficient bacterial association with macrophages.
Leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase1 is a key membrane-bound regulator of abscisic acid early signaling in Arabidopsis.
Tet3 Reads 5-Carboxylcytosine through Its CXXC Domain and Is a Potential Guardian against Neurodegeneration.
A plant DNA ligase is an important determinant of seed longevity.
Identification and characterization of novel splice variants of the human EPM2A gene mutated in Lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy.
The nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain-like receptor NLRC5 is involved in IFN-dependent antiviral immune responses.
The elongata mutants identify a functional Elongator complex in plants with a role in cell proliferation during organ growth.
Inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 4 is a novel marker of acute ischemic stroke.
West Nile virus discriminates between DC-SIGN and DC-SIGNR for cellular attachment and infection.
Assigning a function to a conserved group of proteins: the tRNA 3'-processing enzymes.
Tubby-like protein 1 (TULP1) interacts with F-actin in photoreceptor cells.
Cyclin C/CDK8 is a novel CTD kinase associated with RNA polymerase II.
Identification of circulating apolipoproteins synthesized by rat small intestine in vivo.
Structure and properties of recombinant human pyridoxine 5'-phosphate oxidase.
Immediate early response of the circadian polyA ribonuclease nocturnin to two extracellular stimuli.
Identification of a novel SNF2/SWI2 protein family member, SRCAP, which interacts with CREB-binding protein.
Human origin recognition complex large subunit is degraded by ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis after initiation of DNA replication.
ZPR1 is essential for survival and is required for localization of the survival motor neurons (SMN) protein to Cajal bodies.
RNA transfer from poliovirus 135S particles across membranes is mediated by long umbilical connectors.
Distinction of sperm-binding site and reactive site for trypsin inhibition on p12 secreted from the accessory sex glands of male mice.
Dopamine transporter site-directed mutations differentially alter substrate transport and cocaine binding.
OTRPC4, a nonselective cation channel that confers sensitivity to extracellular osmolarity.
Requirement for Akt (protein kinase B) in insulin-induced activation of glycogen synthase and phosphorylation of 4E-BP1 (PHAS-1).
Cloning and functional comparison of kappa and delta opioid receptors from mouse brain.
Acetylated sp3 is a transcriptional activator.
Alpha-kinase 1, a new component in apical protein transport.
Cloning and expression of an endothelin receptor subtype B from human prostate that mediates contraction.
Phosphorylation of NFATc4 by p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases.
Synergistic tumor suppression by coexpression of FHIT and p53 coincides with FHIT-mediated MDM2 inactivation and p53 stabilization in human non-small cell lung cancer cells.
Tonicity-responsive enhancer binding protein, a rel-like protein that stimulates transcription in response to hypertonicity.
A role for the Tubby-like protein 1 in rhodopsin transport.
The germ tubes of Candida albicans hyphae and pseudohyphae show different patterns of septin ring localization.
CLASP1 and CLASP2 bind to EB1 and regulate microtubule plus-end dynamics at the cell cortex.
C2 domain-containing phosphoprotein CDP138 regulates GLUT4 insertion into the plasma membrane.
XYLEM INTERMIXED WITH PHLOEM1, a leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase required for stem growth and vascular development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus nonstructural protein 4 induces apoptosis dependent on its 3C-like serine protease activity.
A novel isoform of human LZIP negatively regulates the transactivation of the glucocorticoid receptor.
Neuroligin 2 drives postsynaptic assembly at perisomatic inhibitory synapses through gephyrin and collybistin.
The ch-TOG/XMAP215 protein is essential for spindle pole organization in human somatic cells.
Unraveling the role of KIAA1199, a novel endoplasmic reticulum protein, in cancer cell migration.
Neuromuscular defects in a Drosophila survival motor neuron gene mutant.
A phosphonate monoester hydrolase from Burkholderia caryophilli PG2982 is useful as a conditional lethal gene in plants.
Functional roles of p12, the fourth subunit of human DNA polymerase delta.
Different roles of Enhanced Disease Susceptibility1 (EDS1) bound to and dissociated from Phytoalexin Deficient4 (PAD4) in Arabidopsis immunity.
Cowpea mosaic virus VPg: sequencing of radiochemically modified protein allows mapping of the gene on B RNA.
A dynamically regulated 14-3-3, Slob, and Slowpoke potassium channel complex in Drosophila presynaptic nerve terminals.
A mechanism for translationally coupled mRNA turnover: interaction between the poly(A) tail and a c-fos RNA coding determinant via a protein complex.
A DNA damage response screen identifies RHINO, a 9-1-1 and TopBP1 interacting protein required for ATR signaling.
Receptor interacting protein RIP140 inhibits both positive and negative gene regulation by glucocorticoids.
Tandem translation of E. coli initiation factor IF2 beta: purification and characterization in vitro of two active forms.
Endophilin I mediates synaptic vesicle formation by transfer of arachidonate to lysophosphatidic acid.
Lysyl hydroxylase 3 is a multifunctional protein possessing collagen glucosyltransferase activity.
Distinct structural mechanisms for inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoforms by AZD7545, dichloroacetate, and radicicol.
Cloning and expression of cDNA encoding human galactocerebrosidase, the enzyme deficient in globoid cell leukodystrophy.
Acinus is a caspase-3-activated protein required for apoptotic chromatin condensation.
GPIHBP1: an endothelial cell molecule important for the lipolytic processing of chylomicrons.
Gemin5, a novel WD repeat protein component of the SMN complex that binds Sm proteins.
Modulation of sugar metabolism by an INDETERMINATE DOMAIN transcription factor contributes to photoperiodic flowering in Arabidopsis.
Inherited and Somatic Defects in DDX41 in Myeloid Neoplasms.
PHAX and CRM1 are required sequentially to transport U3 snoRNA to nucleoli.
Sla1p is a functionally modular component of the yeast cortical actin cytoskeleton required for correct localization of both Rho1p-GTPase and Sla2p, a protein with talin homology.
TARP subtypes differentially and dose-dependently control synaptic AMPA receptor gating.
Identification of macrodomain proteins as novel O-acetyl-ADP-ribose deacetylases.
Are alpha9alpha10 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors a pain target for alpha-conotoxins?
A monocarboxylate transporter MCT1 is located at the basolateral pole of rat jejunum.
Loss of Fat4 disrupts PCP signaling and oriented cell division and leads to cystic kidney disease.
Arabidopsis CaM binding protein CBP60g contributes to MAMP-induced SA accumulation and is involved in disease resistance against Pseudomonas syringae.
Interaction of folliculin (Birt-Hogg-Dubé gene product) with a novel Fnip1-like (FnipL/Fnip2) protein.
BMK1 mediates growth factor-induced cell proliferation through direct cellular activation of serum and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase.
ICBP90, a novel human CCAAT binding protein, involved in the regulation of topoisomerase IIalpha expression.
Identification of a novel acidic mammalian chitinase distinct from chitotriosidase.
The hprK gene of Enterococcus faecalis encodes a novel bifunctional enzyme: the HPr kinase/phosphatase.
Helt, a novel basic-helix-loop-helix transcriptional repressor expressed in the developing central nervous system.
Myotonic dystrophy protein kinase domains mediate localization, oligomerization, novel catalytic activity, and autoinhibition.
Alternatively spliced isoforms of nerve- and muscle-derived agrin: their roles at the neuromuscular junction.
A synaptic vesicle-associated Ca2+ channel promotes endocytosis and couples exocytosis to endocytosis.
P450 gene induction by structurally diverse xenochemicals: central role of nuclear receptors CAR, PXR, and PPAR.
Synthesis and fractionation properties of SpoIIGA, a protein essential for pro-sigma E processing in Bacillus subtilis.
A second tyrosinase-related protein, TRP-2, is a melanogenic enzyme termed DOPAchrome tautomerase.
The zinc finger transcription factor Th-POK regulates CD4 versus CD8 T-cell lineage commitment.
Identification of phosphatase that dephosphorylates xylose in the glycosaminoglycan-protein linkage region of proteoglycans.
Diminished hepatic response to fasting/refeeding and liver X receptor agonists in mice with selective deficiency of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c.
Receptor specificity of the fibroblast growth factor family. The complete mammalian FGF family.
RNA interference of valosin-containing protein (VCP/p97) reveals multiple cellular roles linked to ubiquitin/proteasome-dependent proteolysis.
IL1-receptor accessory protein-like 1 (IL1RAPL1), a protein involved in cognitive functions, regulates N-type Ca2+-channel and neurite elongation.
Disruption of Drosophila Rad50 causes pupal lethality, the accumulation of DNA double-strand breaks and the induction of apoptosis in third instar larvae.
RNPC1, an RNA-binding protein and a target of the p53 family, is required for maintaining the stability of the basal and stress-induced p21 transcript.
Dual molecular signals mediate the bacterial response to outer-membrane stress.
Orbit, a novel microtubule-associated protein essential for mitosis in Drosophila melanogaster.
Fyn-binding protein (Fyb)/SLP-76-associated protein (SLAP), Ena/vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) proteins and the Arp2/3 complex link T cell receptor (TCR) signaling to the actin cytoskeleton.
Uncoupling of substrate-level phosphorylation in Escherichia coli during glucose-limited growth.
An apolipoprotein influencing triglycerides in humans and mice revealed by comparative sequencing.
Krit 1 interactions with microtubules and membranes are regulated by Rap1 and integrin cytoplasmic domain associated protein-1.
Crotoxin acceptor protein isolated from Torpedo electric organ: binding properties to crotoxin by surface plasmon resonance.
The RKIP (Raf-1 Kinase Inhibitor Protein) conserved pocket binds to the phosphorylated N-region of Raf-1 and inhibits the Raf-1-mediated activated phosphorylation of MEK.
spn-F encodes a novel protein that affects oocyte patterning and bristle morphology in Drosophila.
Ssn6-Tup1 interacts with class I histone deacetylases required for repression.
Characterization of fission yeast cohesin: essential anaphase proteolysis of Rad21 phosphorylated in the S phase.
Reduced cholesterol absorption upon PPARdelta activation coincides with decreased intestinal expression of NPC1L1.
Identification of a cdk-activating kinase in fission yeast.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe Mop1-Mcs2 is related to mammalian CAK.
Embryonic lethal phenotype reveals a function of TDG in maintaining epigenetic stability.
Mitofusins Mfn1 and Mfn2 coordinately regulate mitochondrial fusion and are essential for embryonic development.
CMRF-35-like molecule-1, a novel mouse myeloid receptor, can inhibit osteoclast formation.
degS (hhoB) is an essential Escherichia coli gene whose indispensable function is to provide sigma (E) activity.
Klf4 is a transcription factor required for establishing the barrier function of the skin.
Alpha-neurexins couple Ca2+ channels to synaptic vesicle exocytosis.
Synthetic peptides bind to high-affinity thrombin receptors and modulate thrombin mitogenesis.
39 kDa receptor-associated protein is an ER resident protein and molecular chaperone for LDL receptor-related protein.
Functionality of alternative splice forms of the first enzymes involved in human molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis.
A FAM21-containing WASH complex regulates retromer-dependent sorting.
The 'scavenger' m7GpppX pyrophosphatase activity of Dcs1 modulates nutrient-induced responses in yeast.
Depletion of a single nucleoporin, Nup107, prevents the assembly of a subset of nucleoporins into the nuclear pore complex.
Enzymatic and structural insights for substrate specificity of a family of jumonji histone lysine demethylases.
The BDNF val66met polymorphism affects activity-dependent secretion of BDNF and human memory and hippocampal function.
Functional Study of Ectodysplasin-A Mutations Causing Non-Syndromic Tooth Agenesis.
Human and mouse eLOX3 have distinct substrate specificities: implications for their linkage with lipoxygenases in skin.
The innate immune response to bacterial flagellin is mediated by Toll-like receptor 5.
A Sialylated Voltage-Dependent Ca<sup>2+</sup> Channel Binds Hemagglutinin and Mediates Influenza A Virus Entry into Mammalian Cells.
Mammalian Apg12p, but not the Apg12p.Apg5p conjugate, facilitates LC3 processing.
A reduction in intestinal cell pHi due to loss of the Caenorhabditis elegans Na+/H+ exchanger NHX-2 increases life span.
The long isoform of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase enters the nucleus and, rather than catalyzing nontemplated nucleotide addition, modulates the catalytic activity of the short isoform.
Lipopolysaccharide activation of the TPL-2/MEK/extracellular signal-regulated kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade is regulated by IkappaB kinase-induced proteolysis of NF-kappaB1 p105.
The T cell protein tyrosine phosphatase is a negative regulator of janus family kinases 1 and 3.
Requirements of Kettin, a giant muscle protein highly conserved in overall structure in evolution, for normal muscle function, viability, and flight activity of Drosophila.
Evidence that cleavage factor Im is a heterotetrameric protein complex controlling alternative polyadenylation.
Senescence marker protein 30 functions as gluconolactonase in L-ascorbic acid biosynthesis, and its knockout mice are prone to scurvy.
Functional conservation of subfamilies of putative UDP-N-acetylgalactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferases in Drosophila, Caenorhabditis elegans, and mammals. One subfamily composed of l(2)35Aa is essential in Drosophila.
Specification of mesodermal pattern in Xenopus laevis by interactions between Brachyury, noggin and Xwnt-8.
N-linked glycosylation facilitates sialic acid-independent attachment and entry of influenza A viruses into cells expressing DC-SIGN or L-SIGN.
Control of mitotic spindle position by the Saccharomyces cerevisiae formin Bni1p.
GCR1, the putative Arabidopsis G protein-coupled receptor gene is cell cycle-regulated, and its overexpression abolishes seed dormancy and shortens time to flowering.
Toward the full set of human mitochondrial aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases: characterization of AspRS and TyrRS.
Oncogenic transcription factor Evi1 regulates hematopoietic stem cell proliferation through GATA-2 expression.
An Unbiased Screen for Human Cytomegalovirus Identifies Neuropilin-2 as a Central Viral Receptor.
Both PCE-1/RX and OTX/CRX interactions are necessary for photoreceptor-specific gene expression.
Inhibition of calcineurin phosphatase activity by a calcineurin B homologous protein.
Activation of the Arp2/3 complex by the actin filament binding protein Abp1p.
Periostin secreted by epithelial ovarian carcinoma is a ligand for alpha(V)beta(3) and alpha(V)beta(5) integrins and promotes cell motility.
Histidine-proline-rich glycoprotein has potent antiangiogenic activity mediated through the histidine-proline-rich domain.
Crystal structures of the kainate receptor GluR5 ligand binding core dimer with novel GluR5-selective antagonists.
Mechanism of transport of IFT particles in C. elegans cilia by the concerted action of kinesin-II and OSM-3 motors.
Lsh, an SNF2/helicase family member, is required for proliferation of mature T lymphocytes.
Cell adhesion activity of a 30-kDa major secreted protein from human bladder carcinoma cells.
Structural basis of human triosephosphate isomerase deficiency: mutation E104D is related to alterations of a conserved water network at the dimer interface.
Lentiviral Vpx accessory factor targets VprBP/DCAF1 substrate adaptor for cullin 4 E3 ubiquitin ligase to enable macrophage infection.
Structural insights to how mammalian capping enzyme reads the CTD code.
Proper SUMO-1 conjugation is essential to DJ-1 to exert its full activities.
UDP-3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase of Escherichia coli is a zinc metalloenzyme.
A regulated RNA binding protein also possesses aconitase activity.
Cyclin E-Cdk2 temporally regulates centrosome assembly and establishment of polarity in Caenorhabditis elegans embryos.
Glucocorticoid-stimulated preadipocyte differentiation is mediated through acetylation of C/EBPbeta by GCN5.
A plant-specific subclass of C-terminal kinesins contains a conserved a-type cyclin-dependent kinase site implicated in folding and dimerization.
The inner-nuclear-envelope protein emerin regulates HIV-1 infectivity.
Probing the diversity of the Arabidopsis glutathione S-transferase gene family.
LAMP-2C Inhibits MHC Class II Presentation of Cytoplasmic Antigens by Disrupting Chaperone-Mediated Autophagy.
PCSK9 regulates neuronal apoptosis by adjusting ApoER2 levels and signaling.
Identification and cloning of human polynucleotide phosphorylase, hPNPase old-35, in the context of terminal differentiation and cellular senescence.
The glucuronyltransferase B4GAT1 is required for initiation of LARGE-mediated α-dystroglycan functional glycosylation.
The ubiquitination of rag A GTPase by RNF152 negatively regulates mTORC1 activation.
Constitutively active Rap2 transgenic mice display fewer dendritic spines, reduced extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling, enhanced long-term depression, and impaired spatial learning and fear extinction.
Mechanism of Ca2+-mediated regulation of NDR protein kinase through autophosphorylation and phosphorylation by an upstream kinase.
The CASTOR Proteins Are Arginine Sensors for the mTORC1 Pathway.
A lipid binding domain in sphingosine kinase 2.
A novel adapter protein employs a phosphotyrosine binding domain and exceptionally basic N-terminal domains to capture and localize an atypical protein kinase C: characterization of Caenorhabditis elegans C kinase adapter 1, a protein that avidly binds protein kinase C3.
Structural properties and mechanisms that govern association of C kinase adapter 1 with protein kinase C3 and the cell periphery.
Human PIRH2 enhances androgen receptor signaling through inhibition of histone deacetylase 1 and is overexpressed in prostate cancer.
The pleckstrin homology (PH) domain-interacting protein couples the insulin receptor substrate 1 PH domain to insulin signaling pathways leading to mitogenesis and GLUT4 translocation.
The coxsackievirus-adenovirus receptor protein as a cell adhesion molecule in the developing mouse brain.
Drosophila genome-scale screen for PAN GU kinase substrates identifies Mat89Bb as a cell cycle regulator.
Cyclic AMP stimulates SF-1-dependent CYP11A1 expression through homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 3-mediated Jun N-terminal kinase and c-Jun phosphorylation.
Tyro3 family-mediated cell entry of Ebola and Marburg viruses.
Identification of the myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein as a cellular receptor for rubella virus.
The Cyclin K/Cdk12 complex maintains genomic stability via regulation of expression of DNA damage response genes.
Tribbles, a cell-cycle brake that coordinates proliferation and morphogenesis during Drosophila gastrulation.
The Hsp70-Ydj1 molecular chaperone represses the activity of the heme activator protein Hap1 in the absence of heme.
Structure and phospholipase function of peroxiredoxin 6: identification of the catalytic triad and its role in phospholipid substrate binding.
Interaction of Pyk2 and PTP-PEST with leupaxin in prostate cancer cells.
Overexpression of fetal human pigment epithelium-derived factor in Escherichia coli. A functionally active neurotrophic factor.
Defective vascular morphogenesis and mid-gestation embryonic death in mice lacking RA-GEF-1.
Kinetic and mechanistic characterization of the formyl-CoA transferase from Oxalobacter formigenes.
A novel OTX2 mutation in a patient with combined pituitary hormone deficiency, pituitary malformation, and an underdeveloped left optic nerve.
bac genes for recombinant bacilysin and anticapsin production in Bacillus host strains.
The ubiquitin-specific peptidase USP15 regulates human papillomavirus type 16 E6 protein stability.
Distinct and collaborative roles of Drosophila EXT family proteins in morphogen signalling and gradient formation.
Neu4, a novel human lysosomal lumen sialidase, confers normal phenotype to sialidosis and galactosialidosis cells.
PtdIns(3)P controls cytokinesis through KIF13A-mediated recruitment of FYVE-CENT to the midbody.
Nucling mediates apoptosis by inhibiting expression of galectin-3 through interference with nuclear factor kappaB signalling.
Cloning and characterization of a novel caspase-10 isoform that activates NF-kappa B activity.
Localization of Gi alpha proteins in the centrosomes and at the midbody: implication for their role in cell division.
Distinct physiological functions of thiol peroxidase isoenzymes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
An asparagine-phenylalanine substitution accounts for catalytic differences between hGSTM3-3 and other human class mu glutathione S-transferases.
FBXL2- and PTPL1-mediated degradation of p110-free p85β regulatory subunit controls the PI(3)K signalling cascade.
Biochemical and structural characterization of the Arabidopsis bifunctional enzyme dethiobiotin synthetase-diaminopelargonic acid aminotransferase: evidence for substrate channeling in biotin synthesis.
HERP, a novel heterodimer partner of HES/E(spl) in Notch signaling.
Transcription activation by the Escherichia coli cyclic AMP receptor protein: determinants within activating region 3.
Prickle mediates feedback amplification to generate asymmetric planar cell polarity signaling.
FBXO11 promotes the Neddylation of p53 and inhibits its transcriptional activity.
The Cdc42 target ACK2 interacts with sorting nexin 9 (SH3PX1) to regulate epidermal growth factor receptor degradation.
The ordered and compartment-specfific autoproteolytic removal of the furin intramolecular chaperone is required for enzyme activation.
The structure of NSD1 reveals an autoregulatory mechanism underlying histone H3K36 methylation.
CCM1 regulates vascular-lumen organization by inducing endothelial polarity.
Cloning of mesangial cell Na(+)/Ca(2+) exchangers from Dahl/Rapp salt-sensitive/resistant rats.
Characterization of a novel chicken heat shock transcription factor, heat shock factor 3, suggests a new regulatory pathway.
Collectin 11 (CL-11, CL-K1) is a MASP-1/3-associated plasma collectin with microbial-binding activity.
Actin dynamics control SRF activity by regulation of its coactivator MAL.
The ubiquitin ligase activity in the DDB2 and CSA complexes is differentially regulated by the COP9 signalosome in response to DNA damage.
Program-specific distribution of a transcription factor dependent on partner transcription factor and MAPK signaling.
A novel enhancer of the Apaf1 apoptosome involved in cytochrome c-dependent caspase activation and apoptosis.
Differential regulation of alternatively spliced endothelial cell myosin light chain kinase isoforms by p60(Src).
Loss of Swiss cheese/neuropathy target esterase activity causes disruption of phosphatidylcholine homeostasis and neuronal and glial death in adult Drosophila.
P2Y12 regulates platelet adhesion/activation, thrombus growth, and thrombus stability in injured arteries.
FLJ14813 missense mutation: a candidate for autosomal dominant thrombocytopenia on human chromosome 10.
Carbonic anhydrase catalyzes cyanamide hydration to urea: is it mimicking the physiological reaction?
Cowpea mosaic virus 32- and 60-kilodalton replication proteins target and change the morphology of endoplasmic reticulum membranes.
Fidelity of DNA polymerase epsilon holoenzyme from budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Modulation of receptor recycling and degradation by the endosomal kinesin KIF16B.
Association between high levels of blood macrophage migration inhibitory factor, inappropriate adrenal response, and early death in patients with severe sepsis.
Additional sex comb-like 1 (ASXL1), in cooperation with SRC-1, acts as a ligand-dependent coactivator for retinoic acid receptor.
The kinesin-8 motor Kif18A suppresses kinetochore movements to control mitotic chromosome alignment.
Regulation of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis hypoxic response gene encoding alpha -crystallin.
Distinct roles for the two Rho GDP/GTP exchange factor domains of kalirin in regulation of neurite growth and neuronal morphology.
Enzyme genomics: Application of general enzymatic screens to discover new enzymes.
Hom s 4, an IgE-reactive autoantigen belonging to a new subfamily of calcium-binding proteins, can induce Th cell type 1-mediated autoreactivity.
Signal-induced ubiquitination of IkappaBalpha by the F-box protein Slimb/beta-TrCP.
Two homologues encoding human UDP-glucose:glycoprotein glucosyltransferase differ in mRNA expression and enzymatic activity.
Mutations Causing Slow-Channel Myasthenia Reveal That a Valine Ring in the Channel Pore of Muscle AChR is Optimized for Stabilizing Channel Gating.
Identification of CHD7S as a novel splicing variant of CHD7 with functions similar and antagonistic to those of the full-length CHD7L.
Serotonin receptor activation reduces calcium current in an acutely dissociated adult central neuron.
G-protein-coupled receptor 1, G-protein Galpha-subunit 1, and prephenate dehydratase 1 are required for blue light-induced production of phenylalanine in etiolated Arabidopsis.
The Drosophila ATM homologue Mei-41 has an essential checkpoint function at the midblastula transition.
GbetaL, a positive regulator of the rapamycin-sensitive pathway required for the nutrient-sensitive interaction between raptor and mTOR.
Rubella virus RNA replication is cis-preferential and synthesis of negative- and positive-strand RNAs is regulated by the processing of nonstructural protein.
Drosophila Nedd4, a ubiquitin ligase, is recruited by Commissureless to control cell surface levels of the roundabout receptor.
A viral phospholipase A2 is required for parvovirus infectivity.
PEA-15 mediates cytoplasmic sequestration of ERK MAP kinase.
Sp100 is important for the stimulatory effect of homeodomain-interacting protein kinase-2 on p53-dependent gene expression.
Both the caspase CSP-1 and a caspase-independent pathway promote programmed cell death in parallel to the canonical pathway for apoptosis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Interaction of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae cortical actin patch protein Rvs167p with proteins involved in ER to Golgi vesicle trafficking.
Identification of microcephalin, a protein implicated in determining the size of the human brain.
Muscle-specific RING finger-1 interacts with titin to regulate sarcomeric M-line and thick filament structure and may have nuclear functions via its interaction with glucocorticoid modulatory element binding protein-1.
The Maguk protein, Pals1, functions as an adapter, linking mammalian homologues of Crumbs and Discs Lost.
Mediator is a transducer of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling.
Role for the related poly(ADP-Ribose) polymerases tankyrase 1 and 2 at human telomeres.
Molecular cloning of the gene encoding the mouse parathyroid hormone/parathyroid hormone-related peptide receptor.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a second subunit of the interleukin 1 receptor complex.
ZEITLUPE encodes a novel clock-associated PAS protein from Arabidopsis.
FKF1, a clock-controlled gene that regulates the transition to flowering in Arabidopsis.
hZimp7, a novel PIAS-like protein, enhances androgen receptor-mediated transcription and interacts with SWI/SNF-like BAF complexes.
beta3 Integrins mediate the cellular entry of hantaviruses that cause respiratory failure.
Cerebellar Ataxia and Coenzyme Q Deficiency through Loss of Unorthodox Kinase Activity.
Recognition of lipopeptide patterns by Toll-like receptor 2-Toll-like receptor 6 heterodimer.
The mitotic serine/threonine kinase Aurora2/AIK is regulated by phosphorylation and degradation.
Muscle lim protein isoform negatively regulates striated muscle actin dynamics and differentiation.
Calcium homoeostasis modulator 1 (CALHM1) reduces the calcium content of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and triggers ER stress.
BS69/ZMYND11 C-Terminal Domains Bind and Inhibit EBNA2.
Alternatively spliced transcripts of the sex-determining gene tra-2 of Drosophila encode functional proteins of different size.
Integrin alphavbeta5 is a primary receptor for adenovirus in CAR-negative cells.
Mitochondrial Hep27 is a c-Myb target gene that inhibits Mdm2 and stabilizes p53.
CLYBL is a polymorphic human enzyme with malate synthase and β-methylmalate synthase activity.
The Atypical MAP Kinase SWIP-13/ERK8 Regulates Dopamine Transporters through a Rho-Dependent Mechanism.
S100A8/A9 induces autophagy and apoptosis via ROS-mediated cross-talk between mitochondria and lysosomes that involves BNIP3.
Specific nucleoporin requirement for Smad nuclear translocation.
Chemotaxis inhibitory protein of Staphylococcus aureus binds specifically to the C5a and formylated peptide receptor.
Anthrax toxin receptor 1/tumor endothelium marker 8 mediates cell spreading by coupling extracellular ligands to the actin cytoskeleton.
Tor-mediated induction of autophagy via an Apg1 protein kinase complex.
The role of human MBF1 as a transcriptional coactivator.
A new approach to producing functional G alpha subunits yields the activated and deactivated structures of G alpha(12/13) proteins.
Leader-induced phosphorylation of nucleoporins correlates with nuclear trafficking inhibition by cardioviruses.
Pike. A nuclear gtpase that enhances PI3kinase activity and is regulated by protein 4.1N.
Characterization of the properties of a novel mutation in VAPB in familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Mechanisms for asporin function and regulation in articular cartilage.
Interaction of CTLA-4 (CD152) with CD80 or CD86 inhibits human T-cell activation.
The microcephaly ASPM gene is expressed in proliferating tissues and encodes for a mitotic spindle protein.
Involvement of proteasome alpha-subunit PSMA7 in hepatitis C virus internal ribosome entry site-mediated translation.
An SMN-dependent U12 splicing event essential for motor circuit function.
Domain structure of the NRIF3 family of coregulators suggests potential dual roles in transcriptional regulation.
Ectopic expression of AINTEGUMENTA in Arabidopsis plants results in increased growth of floral organs.
Cloning and characterization of a gene expressed during terminal differentiation that encodes a novel inhibitor of growth.
A GRASP55-rab2 effector complex linking Golgi structure to membrane traffic.
PACSIN3 overexpression increases adipocyte glucose transport through GLUT1.
Cutting edge: the human cytomegalovirus UL40 gene product contains a ligand for HLA-E and prevents NK cell-mediated lysis.
UBE2T, the Fanconi anemia core complex, and FANCD2 are recruited independently to chromatin: a basis for the regulation of FANCD2 monoubiquitination.
Proteolytic processing of low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein mediates regulated release of its intracellular domain.
PUF60: a novel U2AF65-related splicing activity.
C. elegans SGK-1 is the critical component in the Akt/PKB kinase complex to control stress response and life span.
Characterization of heme-regulated eIF2alpha kinase: roles of the N-terminal domain in the oligomeric state, heme binding, catalysis, and inhibition.
Direct conversion of fibroblasts to functional neurons by defined factors.
Jmjd3 and UTX play a demethylase-independent role in chromatin remodeling to regulate T-box family member-dependent gene expression.
Structural studies of glucose-6-phosphate and NADP+ binding to human glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase.
The CENP-S complex is essential for the stable assembly of outer kinetochore structure.
Deletion of glycine decarboxylase in Arabidopsis is lethal under nonphotorespiratory conditions.
Failure to cleave sterol regulatory element-binding proteins (SREBPs) causes cholesterol auxotrophy in Chinese hamster ovary cells with genetic absence of SREBP cleavage-activating protein.
Requirement for a conserved Toll/interleukin-1 resistance domain protein in the Caenorhabditis elegans immune response.
Identification of the ubiquitin-protein ligase that recognizes oxidized IRP2.
Mechanistic and structural analysis of human spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase.
Trophoblast cell activation by trophinin ligation is implicated in human embryo implantation.
Crystal structure of the human histone methyltransferase ASH1L catalytic domain and its implications for the regulatory mechanism.
Cholesteryl ester transfer proteins from different species do not have equivalent activities.
Isoproterenol response following transfection of the mouse beta 2-adrenergic receptor gene into Y1 cells.
The Grainyhead-like epithelial transactivator Get-1/Grhl3 regulates epidermal terminal differentiation and interacts functionally with LMO4.
The dead ringer/retained transcriptional regulatory gene is required for positioning of the longitudinal glia in the Drosophila embryonic CNS.
UBXD1 is a VCP-interacting protein that is involved in ER-associated degradation.
NoRC--a novel member of mammalian ISWI-containing chromatin remodeling machines.
Reperfusion-activated Akt kinase prevents apoptosis in transgenic mouse hearts overexpressing insulin-like growth factor-1.
Major differences exist in the function and tissue-specific expression of human aflatoxin B1 aldehyde reductase and the principal human aldo-keto reductase AKR1 family members.
Axon-glia interactions and the domain organization of myelinated axons requires neurexin IV/Caspr/Paranodin.
Regulation of telomerase in Arabidopsis by BT2, an apparent target of TELOMERASE ACTIVATOR1.
Shared and unique functions of the DExD/H-box helicases RIG-I, MDA5, and LGP2 in antiviral innate immunity.
A multifunctional domain in human CRM1 (exportin 1) mediates RanBP3 binding and multimerization of human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 Rex protein.
A mitotic cascade of NIMA family kinases. Nercc1/Nek9 activates the Nek6 and Nek7 kinases.
Human Ccr4-Not complex is a ligand-dependent repressor of nuclear receptor-mediated transcription.
BCL6 controls neurogenesis through Sirt1-dependent epigenetic repression of selective Notch targets.
Isolation of a cDNA clone encoding DNA-binding protein (TAXREB107) that binds specifically to domain C of the tax-responsive enhancer element in the long terminal repeat of human T-cell leukemia virus type I.
Satb2 regulates callosal projection neuron identity in the developing cerebral cortex.
The eighth component of human complement. Purification and physicochemical characterization of its unusual subunit structure.
Destabilization and mislocalization of myelin basic protein mRNAs in quaking dysmyelination lacking the QKI RNA-binding proteins.
Zhangfei: a second cellular protein interacts with herpes simplex virus accessory factor HCF in a manner similar to Luman and VP16.
Insulin gene enhancer binding protein Isl-1 is a member of a novel class of proteins containing both a homeo- and a Cys-His domain.
glial cells missing: a genetic switch that controls glial versus neuronal fate.
LRRC50, a conserved ciliary protein implicated in polycystic kidney disease.
Structure of bovine adrenal dopamine beta-monooxygenase, as deduced from cDNA and protein sequencing: evidence that the membrane-bound form of the enzyme is anchored by an uncleaved signal peptide.
A hydrophobic pocket in the active site of glycolytic aldolase mediates interactions with Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein.
Isolation and primary structure of pituitary human galanin, a 30-residue nonamidated neuropeptide.
Interaction of an Arabidopsis RNA-binding protein with plant single-stranded telomeric DNA modulates telomerase activity.
Structure of the ArgRS-GlnRS-AIMP1 complex and its implications for mammalian translation.
Identification of a novel isopeptidase with dual specificity for ubiquitin- and NEDD8-conjugated proteins.
Greatwall kinase participates in the Cdc2 autoregulatory loop in Xenopus egg extracts.
The Rb-related p130 protein controls telomere lengthening through an interaction with a Rad50-interacting protein, RINT-1.
Single-stranded DNA-binding protein hSSB1 is critical for genomic stability.
Identification and comparative functional characterization of a new human riboflavin transporter hRFT3 expressed in the brain.
KIAA1199, a deafness gene of unknown function, is a new hyaluronan binding protein involved in hyaluronan depolymerization.
UV-B promotes rapid nuclear translocation of the Arabidopsis UV-B specific signaling component UVR8 and activates its function in the nucleus.
Design and evaluation of azaindole-substituted N-hydroxypyridones as glyoxalase I inhibitors.
RCS1, a substrate of APC/C, controls the metaphase to anaphase transition.
Functional characterization of human RSK4, a new 90-kDa ribosomal S6 kinase, reveals constitutive activation in most cell types.
Molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis in Escherichia coli. Requirement of the chlB gene product for the formation of molybdopterin guanine dinucleotide.
Structure of the DNA binding region of prospero reveals a novel homeo-prospero domain.
Conjugation of the ubiquitin-like protein NEDD8 to cullin-2 is linked to von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor function.
Etk/BMX, a Btk family tyrosine kinase, and Mal contribute to the cross-talk between MyD88 and FAK pathways.
Structural and enzymatic characterization of Os3BGlu6, a rice beta-glucosidase hydrolyzing hydrophobic glycosides and (1->3)- and (1->2)-linked disaccharides.
Insulin degrading enzyme is a cellular receptor mediating varicella-zoster virus infection and cell-to-cell spread.
Genetic and molecular identification of genes required for female gametophyte development and function in Arabidopsis.
CKAMP44: a brain-specific protein attenuating short-term synaptic plasticity in the dentate gyrus.
Hypothetical protein KIAA0079 is a mammalian homologue of yeast Sec24p.
Lipid phosphate phosphatases regulate lysophosphatidic acid production and signaling in platelets: studies using chemical inhibitors of lipid phosphate phosphatase activity.
Saturation mutagenesis of the WSXWS motif of the erythropoietin receptor.
Direct interaction of the novel Nox proteins with p22phox is required for the formation of a functionally active NADPH oxidase.
A mouse model uncovers LKB1 as an UVB-induced DNA damage sensor mediating CDKN1A (p21WAF1/CIP1) degradation.
Structure of P-glycoprotein reveals a molecular basis for poly-specific drug binding.
Enhanced Ca2+ transport and muscle relaxation in skeletal muscle from sarcolipin-null mice.
CD1d endosomal trafficking is independently regulated by an intrinsic CD1d-encoded tyrosine motif and by the invariant chain.
Beta-catenin and TCF mediate cell positioning in the intestinal epithelium by controlling the expression of EphB/ephrinB.
The beta-catenin/TCF-4 complex imposes a crypt progenitor phenotype on colorectal cancer cells.
Methionine metabolism in plants: chloroplasts are autonomous for de novo methionine synthesis and can import S-adenosylmethionine from the cytosol.
Conformational plasticity of glycogenin and its maltosaccharide substrate during glycogen biogenesis.
Drosophila enhancer of Zeste/ESC complexes have a histone H3 methyltransferase activity that marks chromosomal Polycomb sites.
Cited2 controls left-right patterning and heart development through a Nodal-Pitx2c pathway.
Loss of function mutations in HARS cause a spectrum of inherited peripheral neuropathies.
RET modulates cell adhesion via its cleavage by caspase in sympathetic neurons.
Nuclear ARP2/3 drives DNA break clustering for homology-directed repair.
Neurabin/protein phosphatase-1 complex regulates dendritic spine morphogenesis and maturation.
A novel gene IC53 stimulates ECV304 cell proliferation and is upregulated in failing heart.
The SV40 late protein VP4 is a viroporin that forms pores to disrupt membranes for viral release.
Deglycosylation by small intestinal epithelial cell beta-glucosidases is a critical step in the absorption and metabolism of dietary flavonoid glycosides in humans.
Multiple factors confer specific Cdc42 and Rac protein activation by dedicator of cytokinesis (DOCK) nucleotide exchange factors.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus 2C is a hexameric AAA+ protein with a coordinated ATP hydrolysis mechanism.
Titin/connectin-related proteins in C. elegans: a review and new findings.
CD36 polymorphism is associated with protection from cerebral malaria.
The surface protein TIGIT suppresses T cell activation by promoting the generation of mature immunoregulatory dendritic cells.
A specific heterotypic cell adhesion activity between members of carcinoembryonic antigen family, W272 and NCA, is mediated by N-domains.
Structure of the guanylyltransferase domain of human mRNA capping enzyme.
Structural basis for pregnenolone biosynthesis by the mitochondrial monooxygenase system.
Differential regulation of direct repeat 3 vitamin D3 and direct repeat 4 thyroid hormone signaling pathways by the human TR4 orphan receptor.
A Drosophila melanogaster model of spinal muscular atrophy reveals a function for SMN in striated muscle.
CBS domains form energy-sensing modules whose binding of adenosine ligands is disrupted by disease mutations.
Impaired neuromuscular transmission and skeletal muscle fiber necrosis in mice lacking Na/Ca exchanger 3.
Regulated SUMOylation and ubiquitination of DdMEK1 is required for proper chemotaxis.
CREB: a Ca(2+)-regulated transcription factor phosphorylated by calmodulin-dependent kinases.
Drosophila Roc1a encodes a RING-H2 protein with a unique function in processing the Hh signal transducer Ci by the SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase.
Glu 69 is essential for the high sensitivity of muscle fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase inhibition by calcium ions.
Villin enhances hepatocyte growth factor-induced actin cytoskeleton remodeling in epithelial cells.
A novel myb oncogene homologue in Arabidopsis thaliana related to hypersensitive cell death.
The transcription factor Krox20 is an E3 ligase that sumoylates its Nab coregulators.
Spectroscopic and magnetic studies of wild-type and mutant forms of the Fe(II)- and 2-oxoglutarate-dependent decarboxylase ALKBH4.
HIV1 Vpr arrests the cell cycle by recruiting DCAF1/VprBP, a receptor of the Cul4-DDB1 ubiquitin ligase.
Microtubule-dependent retrograde transport of bovine immunodeficiency virus.
Polo kinases regulate C. elegans embryonic polarity via binding to DYRK2-primed MEX-5 and MEX-6.
Nucleocytoplasmic transport of proteins and poly(A)+ RNA in reconstituted Tpr-less nuclei in living mammalian cells.
The CLK family kinases, CLK1 and CLK2, phosphorylate and activate the tyrosine phosphatase, PTP-1B.
Crystal structure of human cytochrome P450 2D6.
Expression of a gene cluster kaiABC as a circadian feedback process in cyanobacteria.
In vitro assembly of the Rous Sarcoma Virus capsid protein into hexamer tubes at physiological temperature.
Type I gamma phosphatidylinositol phosphate kinase targets and regulates focal adhesions.
GTP cyclohydrolase I gene transfer augments intracellular tetrahydrobiopterin in human endothelial cells: effects on nitric oxide synthase activity, protein levels and dimerisation.
BAK1 and BKK1 regulate brassinosteroid-dependent growth and brassinosteroid-independent cell-death pathways.
Synphilin-1A inhibits seven in absentia homolog (SIAH) and modulates alpha-synuclein monoubiquitylation and inclusion formation.
Regulation of phagocyte oxygen radical production by the GTP-binding protein Rac 2.
HuCHRAC, a human ISWI chromatin remodelling complex contains hACF1 and two novel histone-fold proteins.
Two RING finger proteins mediate cooperation between ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes in DNA repair.
The human endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT-I) and its role in HIV-1 budding.
Ubiquitination and degradation of the Arg tyrosine kinase is regulated by oxidative stress.
Inactivation of YAP oncoprotein by the Hippo pathway is involved in cell contact inhibition and tissue growth control.
Role for the pleckstrin homology domain-containing protein CKIP-1 in phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-regulated muscle differentiation.
Phosphorylation of serine 264 impedes active site accessibility in the E1 component of the human pyruvate dehydrogenase multienzyme complex.
Fragile X mental retardation protein stimulates ribonucleoprotein assembly of influenza A virus.
Feedback inhibition of the unfolded protein response by GADD34-mediated dephosphorylation of eIF2alpha.
Myelin gene regulatory factor is a critical transcriptional regulator required for CNS myelination.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis KatG is a peroxynitritase.
Regulated production and molecular diversity of human liver and activation-regulated chemokine/macrophage inflammatory protein-3 alpha from normal and transformed cells.
A glycolate dehydrogenase in the mitochondria of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Regulation of protein kinase CbetaI by two protein-tyrosine kinases, Btk and Syk.
Enzymatic characteristics of an aldo-keto reductase family protein (AKR1C15) and its localization in rat tissues.
The iron oxidation and hydrolysis chemistry of Escherichia coli bacterioferritin.
Modulation of Ca2+ channels by opioid receptor-like 1 receptors natively expressed in rat stellate ganglion neurons innervating cardiac muscle.
Control of effector CD8+ T cell function by the transcription factor Eomesodermin.
The TRF1-binding protein TERB1 promotes chromosome movement and telomere rigidity in meiosis.
Isolation and identification of a novel mitochondrial metalloprotease (PreP) that degrades targeting presequences in plants.
Structural and functional properties of two human FXYD3 (Mat-8) isoforms.
MAPK-15 is a ciliary protein required for PKD-2 localization and male mating behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Whole Exome Sequencing Identified MCM2 as a Novel Causative Gene for Autosomal Dominant Nonsyndromic Deafness in a Chinese Family.
Physical interaction between human RAD52 and RPA is required for homologous recombination in mammalian cells.
Jumonji, a nuclear protein that is necessary for normal heart development.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae Est3p dimerizes in vitro and dimerization contributes to efficient telomere replication in vivo.
Shroom, a PDZ domain-containing actin-binding protein, is required for neural tube morphogenesis in mice.
The role of extracellular and cytoplasmic splice domains of alpha7-integrin in cell adhesion and migration on laminins.
Cooperative regulation of cell polarity and growth by Drosophila tumor suppressors.
Loss of the dystonia-associated protein torsinA selectively disrupts the neuronal nuclear envelope.
Chemical modification of arginine at the active site of the bovine erythrocyte superoxide dismutase.
Quantitative structural insight into human variegate porphyria disease.
Identification of CD112R as a novel checkpoint for human T cells.
VEGF-C receptor binding and pattern of expression with VEGFR-3 suggests a role in lymphatic vascular development.
Beta-arrestin1 phosphorylation by GRK5 regulates G protein-independent 5-HT4 receptor signalling.
Zyxin interacts with the SH3 domains of the cytoskeletal proteins LIM-nebulette and Lasp-1.
Structural and biological characterization of chromofungin, the antifungal chromogranin A-(47-66)-derived peptide.
Deficiency of the stress kinase p38alpha results in embryonic lethality: characterization of the kinase dependence of stress responses of enzyme-deficient embryonic stem cells.
Activation of the nuclear factor kappaB pathway by astrocyte elevated gene-1: implications for tumor progression and metastasis.
Identification of a novel human nuclear-encoded mitochondrial poly(A) polymerase.
Membrane fusion of Semliki Forest virus involves homotrimers of the fusion protein.
Polymeric chains of SUMO-2 and SUMO-3 are conjugated to protein substrates by SAE1/SAE2 and Ubc9.
PAKa, a putative PAK family member, is required for cytokinesis and the regulation of the cytoskeleton in Dictyostelium discoideum cells during chemotaxis.
The tetraspanin CD63 regulates ESCRT-independent and -dependent endosomal sorting during melanogenesis.
EFHC1 interacts with microtubules to regulate cell division and cortical development.
Development and characterization of a collagen degradation assay to assess purified collagenase used in islet isolation.
Syndapin I is the phosphorylation-regulated dynamin I partner in synaptic vesicle endocytosis.
AtGRP2, a cold-induced nucleo-cytoplasmic RNA-binding protein, has a role in flower and seed development.
CD24 induces apoptosis in human B cells via the glycolipid-enriched membrane domains/rafts-mediated signaling system.
PIAS proteins promote SUMO-1 conjugation to STAT1.
Adult-onset primary open-angle glaucoma caused by mutations in optineurin.
The Arabidopsis SOS2 protein kinase physically interacts with and is activated by the calcium-binding protein SOS3.
SUMO modification of STAT1 and its role in PIAS-mediated inhibition of gene activation.
Hepatitis A virus proteinase 3C binding to viral RNA: correlation with substrate binding and enzyme dimerization.
Hepcidin and iron homeostasis.
Structure of the EntB multidomain nonribosomal peptide synthetase and functional analysis of its interaction with the EntE adenylation domain.
Cloning and antisense oligodeoxynucleotide inhibition of a human homolog of cdc2 required in hematopoiesis.
Characterization of a mammalian peroxiredoxin that contains one conserved cysteine.
Flavonoid 3'-O-methyltransferase from rice: cDNA cloning, characterization and functional expression.
Mammalian peroxiredoxin isoforms can reduce hydrogen peroxide generated in response to growth factors and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
The chromosomal passenger complex is required for chromatin-induced microtubule stabilization and spindle assembly.
MUC4 expression is a novel prognostic factor in patients with invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas.
Identification and characterization of the Arabidopsis PHO1 gene involved in phosphate loading to the xylem.
Over-expression of a truncated Arabidopsis thaliana heterotrimeric G protein gamma subunit results in a phenotype similar to alpha and beta subunit knockouts.
A novel ribosomopathy caused by dysfunction of RPL10 disrupts neurodevelopment and causes X-linked microcephaly in humans.
The BRCA1/BARD1 heterodimer assembles polyubiquitin chains through an unconventional linkage involving lysine residue K6 of ubiquitin.
RIP3, an energy metabolism regulator that switches TNF-induced cell death from apoptosis to necrosis.
MG53 nucleates assembly of cell membrane repair machinery.
Insights into IgA-mediated immune responses from the crystal structures of human FcalphaRI and its complex with IgA1-Fc.
POT1 as a terminal transducer of TRF1 telomere length control.
Olfactomedin 1 interacts with the Nogo A receptor complex to regulate axon growth.
SERRATE coordinates shoot meristem function and leaf axial patterning in Arabidopsis.
Identification of RANTES, MIP-1 alpha, and MIP-1 beta as the major HIV-suppressive factors produced by CD8+ T cells.
Regulation of Rho GTPase crosstalk, degradation and activity by RhoGDI1.
CD14, a receptor for complexes of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and LPS binding protein.
Sorcin inhibits calcium release and modulates excitation-contraction coupling in the heart.
Munc13-4 is an effector of rab27a and controls secretion of lysosomes in hematopoietic cells.
Metabolic pathway promiscuity in the archaeon Sulfolobus solfataricus revealed by studies on glucose dehydrogenase and 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate aldolase.
Rap1-mediated lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 activation by the T cell antigen receptor is dependent on phospholipase C-gamma1.
Chloroplast protein translocon components atToc159 and atToc33 are not essential for chloroplast biogenesis in guard cells and root cells.
Differential involvement of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase kinases MKK3 and MKK6 in T-cell apoptosis.
Card9 controls a non-TLR signalling pathway for innate anti-fungal immunity.
Hepatitis C virus core protein interacts with a human DEAD box protein DDX3.
Identification and characterization of E2F7, a novel mammalian E2F family member capable of blocking cellular proliferation.
The Arabidopsis MAP kinase kinase MKK1 participates in defence responses to the bacterial elicitor flagellin.
Codanin-1, mutated in the anaemic disease CDAI, regulates Asf1 function in S-phase histone supply.
Substrate specificity and structure of human aminoadipate aminotransferase/kynurenine aminotransferase II.
Deficiency of the zinc finger protein ZPR1 causes defects in transcription and cell cycle progression.
Identification of Tazarotenic Acid as the First Xenobiotic Substrate of Human Retinoic Acid Hydroxylase CYP26A1 and CYP26B1.
The Arabidopsis FILAMENTOUS FLOWER gene is required for flower formation.
Auxin and ethylene promote root hair elongation in Arabidopsis.
PKC epsilon-related kinase associates with and phosphorylates cytokeratin 8 and 18.
Characterization of human and murine PMP20 peroxisomal proteins that exhibit antioxidant activity in vitro.
A nudix enzyme removes pyrophosphate from dihydroneopterin triphosphate in the folate synthesis pathway of bacteria and plants.
The EphB6 receptor inhibits JNK activation in T lymphocytes and modulates T cell receptor-mediated responses.
Identification of a novel tumor suppressor gene p34 on human chromosome 6q25.1.
Polo-like kinase-2 is required for centriole duplication in mammalian cells.
D-retrovirus morphogenetic switch driven by the targeting signal accessibility to Tctex-1 of dynein.
Molecular dissection of the signaling and costimulatory functions of CD150 (SLAM): CD150/SAP binding and CD150-mediated costimulation.
Three-dimensional models of proteases involved in patterning of the Drosophila Embryo. Crucial role of predicted cation binding sites.
Developmentally synchronized expression of two Bombyx mori Piwi subfamily genes, SIWI and BmAGO3 in germ-line cells.
Quantitative assessment of tyrosine nitration of manganese superoxide dismutase in angiotensin II-infused rat kidney.
IRSp53 is an essential intermediate between Rac and WAVE in the regulation of membrane ruffling.
Functional analysis of chimeric genes obtained by exchanging homologous domains of the mouse mdr1 and mdr2 genes.
Crystal Structure of Aspirin-Acetylated Human Cyclooxygenase-2: Insight into the Formation of Products with Reversed Stereochemistry.
Protein phosphatase 4 is involved in tumor necrosis factor-alpha-induced activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinase.
An adjacent pair of human NUDT genes on chromosome X are preferentially expressed in testis and encode two new isoforms of diphosphoinositol polyphosphate phosphohydrolase.
Regions of variant histone His2AvD required for Drosophila development.
Pol kappa: A DNA polymerase required for sister chromatid cohesion.
Structural and functional properties of calmodulin from the eukaryotic microorganism Dictyostelium discoideum.
MARKK, a Ste20-like kinase, activates the polarity-inducing kinase MARK/PAR-1.
Activated EGL-15 FGF receptor promotes protein degradation in muscles of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Primary structure and functional expression of mouse pituitary and human brain corticotrophin releasing factor receptors.
Structural basis for the assembly of the SMRT/NCoR core transcriptional repression machinery.
Identification and characterization of novel clathrin adaptor-related proteins.
MO25alpha/beta interact with STRADalpha/beta enhancing their ability to bind, activate and localize LKB1 in the cytoplasm.
Protein kinase X activates ureteric bud branching morphogenesis in developing mouse metanephric kidney.
A genetic interaction network of five genes for human polycystic kidney and liver diseases defines polycystin-1 as the central determinant of cyst formation.
The autoimmunity-associated gene PTPN22 potentiates toll-like receptor-driven, type 1 interferon-dependent immunity.
S100 proteins modulate protein phosphatase 5 function: a link between CA2+ signal transduction and protein dephosphorylation.
Mutations in the WRN gene in mice accelerate mortality in a p53-null background.
PIASx acts as an Elk-1 coactivator by facilitating derepression.
Functional characterization of Ebola virus L-domains using VSV recombinants.
Molecular basis of anti-horseradish peroxidase staining in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Creatinine amidohydrolase (creatininase) from Pseudomonas putida. Purification and some properties.
Evidence that negative elongation factor represses transcription elongation through binding to a DRB sensitivity-inducing factor/RNA polymerase II complex and RNA.
Characterization of M. tuberculosis SerB2, an essential HAD-family phosphatase, reveals novel properties.
Probing structure-function relationships and gating mechanisms in the CorA Mg2+ transport system.
Functional overlap between retinitis pigmentosa 2 protein and the tubulin-specific chaperone cofactor C.
A-to-I pre-mRNA editing in Drosophila is primarily involved in adult nervous system function and integrity.
Coordinated regulation of replication protein A activities by its subunits p14 and p32.
Trabid, a new positive regulator of Wnt-induced transcription with preference for binding and cleaving K63-linked ubiquitin chains.
Characterization of the human, mouse and rat PGC1 beta (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-gamma co-activator 1 beta) gene in vitro and in vivo.
Physical and functional interactions among AP-2 transcription factors, p300/CREB-binding protein, and CITED2.
Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Antagonizes JAK/STAT3 Signaling via nsp5, Which Induces STAT3 Degradation.
The JAK-binding protein JAB inhibits Janus tyrosine kinase activity through binding in the activation loop.
Two isoforms of the EP3 receptor with different carboxyl-terminal domains. Identical ligand binding properties and different coupling properties with Gi proteins.
TGF-beta/BMP superfamily members, Gbb-60A and Dpp, cooperate to provide pattern information and establish cell identity in the Drosophila wing.
Discoveries of nicotinamide riboside as a nutrient and conserved NRK genes establish a Preiss-Handler independent route to NAD+ in fungi and humans.
Molecular identification of a novel mammalian brain isoform of acyl-CoA:lysophospholipid acyltransferase with prominent ethanolamine lysophospholipid acylating activity, LPEAT2.
Cloning of ACP33 as a novel intracellular ligand of CD4.
L3MBTL1, a histone-methylation-dependent chromatin lock.
A novel androgen receptor splice variant is up-regulated during prostate cancer progression and promotes androgen depletion-resistant growth.
Hepcidin, a urinary antimicrobial peptide synthesized in the liver.
RNF185, a novel mitochondrial ubiquitin E3 ligase, regulates autophagy through interaction with BNIP1.
SMIF, a Smad4-interacting protein that functions as a co-activator in TGFbeta signalling.
Structural basis for the growth factor activity of human adenosine deaminase ADA2.
Hakai, a c-Cbl-like protein, ubiquitinates and induces endocytosis of the E-cadherin complex.
Nesprins: a novel family of spectrin-repeat-containing proteins that localize to the nuclear membrane in multiple tissues.
Involvement of AGO1 and AGO2 in mammalian transcriptional silencing.
Drosophila Rif1 is an essential gene and controls late developmental events by direct interaction with PP1-87B.
Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus-encoded LANA interacts with host KAP1 to facilitate establishment of viral latency.
All Tcf HMG box transcription factors interact with Groucho-related co-repressors.
Regulation of PKD by the MAPK p38delta in insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis.
Neuralized1 causes apoptosis and downregulates Notch target genes in medulloblastoma.
[URE3] prion propagation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: requirement for chaperone Hsp104 and curing by overexpressed chaperone Ydj1p.
Heparanase accelerates wound angiogenesis and wound healing in mouse and rat models.
Mutations in a P-type ATPase gene cause axonal degeneration.
Identification and characterization of novel rare mutations in the planar cell polarity gene PRICKLE1 in human neural tube defects.
Regulation of dendritic spine morphology by SPAR, a PSD-95-associated RapGAP.
Protease-activated receptors 1 and 4 mediate activation of human platelets by thrombin.
Cloning, sequencing, and expression of the rhesus monkey beta 2 adrenergic receptor.
Transcription factor Mts1/Mts2 (Atf1/Pcr1, Gad7/Pcr1) activates the M26 meiotic recombination hotspot in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Disruption of centrosome structure, chromosome segregation, and cytokinesis by misexpression of human Cdc14A phosphatase.
Muscle RING-finger protein-1 (MuRF1) as a connector of muscle energy metabolism and protein synthesis.
Role of adenylate kinase in the regulation of macromolecular biosynthesis in a putative mutant of Escherichia coli defective in membrane phospholipid biosynthesis.
Molecular chaperone TRAP1 regulates a metabolic switch between mitochondrial respiration and aerobic glycolysis.
Deletion of the chloroplast-localized Thylakoid formation1 gene product in Arabidopsis leads to deficient thylakoid formation and variegated leaves.
Tyrosine kinase activity of discoidin domain receptor 1 is necessary for smooth muscle cell migration and matrix metalloproteinase expression.
The core protein of a pestivirus protects the incoming virus against IFN-induced effectors.
Tescalcin is an essential factor in megakaryocytic differentiation associated with Ets family gene expression.
Dioxin-dependent, DNA sequence-specific binding of a multiprotein complex containing the Ah receptor.
The CD4 and CD8 antigens are coupled to a protein-tyrosine kinase (p56lck) that phosphorylates the CD3 complex.
Distinct functions of serial metal-binding domains in the Escherichia coli P1 B -ATPase CopA.
Association of Dishevelled with the clathrin AP-2 adaptor is required for Frizzled endocytosis and planar cell polarity signaling.
Inhibition of DHHC20-Mediated EGFR Palmitoylation Creates a Dependence on EGFR Signaling.
p27kip protein levels and E2F activity are targets of Cot kinase during G1 phase progression in T cells.
The emerging p53 gene family.
The RCAF complex mediates chromatin assembly during DNA replication and repair.
Formation of functional heterodimers by isozymes 1 and 2 of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase.
NELF, a multisubunit complex containing RD, cooperates with DSIF to repress RNA polymerase II elongation.
Identification of an intronic splicing regulatory element involved in auto-regulation of alternative splicing of SCL33 pre-mRNA.
JASMONATE-INSENSITIVE1 encodes a MYC transcription factor essential to discriminate between different jasmonate-regulated defense responses in Arabidopsis.
Regulation of signal transduction by enzymatically inactive antiviral RNA helicase proteins MDA5, RIG-I, and LGP2.
EphA2 receptor tyrosine kinase regulates endothelial cell migration and vascular assembly through phosphoinositide 3-kinase-mediated Rac1 GTPase activation.
Mechanism of TrkB-mediated hippocampal long-term potentiation.
Presynaptic regulation of neurotransmission in Drosophila by the g protein-coupled receptor methuselah.
Semaphorin-6A controls guidance of corticospinal tract axons at multiple choice points.
The refined crystal structure of cowpea mosaic virus at 2.8 A resolution.
lola encodes a putative transcription factor required for axon growth and guidance in Drosophila.
Insertional mutagenesis in zebrafish rapidly identifies genes essential for early vertebrate development.
Mechanisms regulating tumor angiogenesis by 12-lipoxygenase in prostate cancer cells.
Topoisomerase 3α Is Required for Decatenation and Segregation of Human mtDNA.
Molecular cloning of a rat kappa opioid receptor reveals sequence similarities to the mu and delta opioid receptors.
The DMAP interaction domain of UDP-GlcNAc:lysosomal enzyme N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase is a substrate recognition module.
Dynamic interaction of DNA damage checkpoint protein Rad53 with chromatin assembly factor Asf1.
Modulation of the oligomerization state of the bovine F1-ATPase inhibitor protein, IF1, by pH.
MASP-3 and its association with distinct complexes of the mannan-binding lectin complement activation pathway.
Cloning and expression of the cDNA for E6-AP, a protein that mediates the interaction of the human papillomavirus E6 oncoprotein with p53.
The human homologue of the yeast proteins Skb1 and Hsl7p interacts with Jak kinases and contains protein methyltransferase activity.
Phosphopantothenoylcysteine synthetase from Escherichia coli. Identification and characterization of the last unidentified coenzyme A biosynthetic enzyme in bacteria.
Galpha(12) and Galpha(13) interact with Ser/Thr protein phosphatase type 5 and stimulate its phosphatase activity.
Modulation of the Escherichia coli sigmaE (RpoE) heat-shock transcription-factor activity by the RseA, RseB and RseC proteins.
Blocking VEGFR-3 suppresses angiogenic sprouting and vascular network formation.
The first crystal structure of the novel class of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase present in thermophilic archaea.
Different mechanisms of cell polarisation in vegetative and shmooing growth in fission yeast.
The domino gene of Drosophila encodes novel members of the SWI2/SNF2 family of DNA-dependent ATPases, which contribute to the silencing of homeotic genes.
A WNT4 mutation associated with Müllerian-duct regression and virilization in a 46,XX woman.
Scaffolding by ERK3 regulates MK5 in development.
Human DNA helicase B (HDHB) binds to replication protein A and facilitates cellular recovery from replication stress.
Foxj1 regulates basal body anchoring to the cytoskeleton of ciliated pulmonary epithelial cells.
Genomic instability and aging-like phenotype in the absence of mammalian SIRT6.
XLF interacts with the XRCC4-DNA ligase IV complex to promote DNA nonhomologous end-joining.
A conserved serine of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein L (hnRNP L) mediates depolarization-regulated alternative splicing of potassium channels.
Demonstration of mammalian protein O-mannosyltransferase activity: coexpression of POMT1 and POMT2 required for enzymatic activity.
The kinase DYRK phosphorylates protein-synthesis initiation factor eIF2Bepsilon at Ser539 and the microtubule-associated protein tau at Thr212: potential role for DYRK as a glycogen synthase kinase 3-priming kinase.
TEB4 is a C4HC3 RING finger-containing ubiquitin ligase of the endoplasmic reticulum.
Mutations in ISPD cause Walker-Warburg syndrome and defective  glycosylation of α-dystroglycan.
The C. elegans homologue of the spastic paraplegia protein, spastin, disassembles microtubules.
A conserved ER targeting motif in three families of lipid binding proteins and in Opi1p binds VAP.
The Saccharomyces telomere-binding protein Cdc13p interacts with both the catalytic subunit of DNA polymerase alpha and the telomerase-associated est1 protein.
Evidence that DNA polymerase delta isolated by immunoaffinity chromatography exhibits high-molecular weight characteristics and is associated with the KIAA0039 protein and RPA.
Novel gene expressed in nasal region influences outgrowth of olfactory axons and migration of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) neurons.
Modular self-assembly of a Y-shaped multiprotein complex from seven nucleoporins.
A role for Ebi in neuronal cell cycle control.
BCoR, a novel corepressor involved in BCL-6 repression.
The Arabidopsis R2R3 MYB proteins FOUR LIPS and MYB88 restrict divisions late in the stomatal cell lineage.
Cotranslational and posttranslational N-glycosylation of polypeptides by distinct mammalian OST isoforms.
The Structure of Immature Virus-Like Rous Sarcoma Virus Gag Particles Reveals a Structural Role for the p10 Domain in Assembly.
Scyl1, mutated in a recessive form of spinocerebellar neurodegeneration, regulates COPI-mediated retrograde traffic.
Binding of Clostridium botulinum type C and D neurotoxins to ganglioside and phospholipid. Novel insights into the receptor for clostridial neurotoxins.
Molecular and catalytic properties of Arabidopsis thaliana adenylyl sulfate (APS)-kinase.
Ara6, a plant-unique novel type Rab GTPase, functions in the endocytic pathway of Arabidopsis thaliana.
A tissue-specific coactivator of steroid receptors, identified in a functional genetic screen.
EphA4 regulates central nervous system vascular formation.
Quantitative interaction proteomics and genome-wide profiling of epigenetic histone marks and their readers.
Pivotal role of water in the mechanism of P450BM-3.
ASIC2b-dependent regulation of ASIC3, an essential acid-sensing ion channel subunit in sensory neurons via the partner protein PICK-1.
Bis, a Bcl-2-binding protein that synergizes with Bcl-2 in preventing cell death.
NRG1 represses yeast-hypha morphogenesis and hypha-specific gene expression in Candida albicans.
Programmed cell death mediated by ced-3 and ced-4 protects Caenorhabditis elegans from Salmonella typhimurium-mediated killing.
UDP-sugar pyrophosphorylase is essential for pollen development in Arabidopsis.
Human endothelin-converting enzyme (ECE-1): three isoforms with distinct subcellular localizations.
The scute (T4) gene acts as a numerator element of the X:a signal that determines the state of activity of sex-lethal in Drosophila.
Homozygous WNT3 mutation causes tetra-amelia in a large consanguineous family.
Osteoblast mineralization requires beta1 integrin/ICAP-1-dependent fibronectin deposition.
Cohesin acetylation speeds the replication fork.
G-protein coupled receptor BAI3 promotes myoblast fusion in vertebrates.
Ragulator-Rag complex targets mTORC1 to the lysosomal surface and is necessary for its activation by amino acids.
The amyloid precursor protein (APP) of Alzheimer disease and its paralog, APLP2, modulate the Cu/Zn-Nitric Oxide-catalyzed degradation of glypican-1 heparan sulfate in vivo.
MISP is a novel Plk1 substrate required for proper spindle orientation and mitotic progression.
Evidence for direct contact between the RPA3 subunit of the human replication protein A and single-stranded DNA.
PALS1 specifies the localization of ezrin to the apical membrane of gastric parietal cells.
Invasive lesions containing filamentous forms produced by a Candida albicans mutant that is defective in filamentous growth in culture.
The arabidopsis cell plate-associated dynamin-like protein, ADL1Ap, is required for multiple stages of plant growth and development.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase TEB4 mediates degradation of type 2 iodothyronine deiodinase.
Effect of environmental pH on morphological development of Candida albicans is mediated via the PacC-related transcription factor encoded by PRR2.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor in Drosophila melanogaster.
Human THAP7 is a chromatin-associated, histone tail-binding protein that represses transcription via recruitment of HDAC3 and nuclear hormone receptor corepressor.
BRCA1/BARD1 orthologs required for DNA repair in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Spontaneous tumorigenesis in mice defective in the MTH1 gene encoding 8-oxo-dGTPase.
Heparanase mediates cell adhesion independent of its enzymatic activity.
Drought- and salt-tolerant plants result from overexpression of the AVP1 H+-pump.
CD45 negatively regulates lyn activity by dephosphorylating both positive and negative regulatory tyrosine residues in immature B cells.
HOMER2, a stereociliary scaffolding protein, is essential for normal hearing in humans and mice.
Activation of the guanine nucleotide exchange factor Dbl following ACK1-dependent tyrosine phosphorylation.
Phg2, a kinase involved in adhesion and focal site modeling in Dictyostelium.
Arginine racemization by coupled catabolic and anabolic dehydrogenases.
Isolation and characterization of a novel gene, hRFI, preferentially expressed in esophageal cancer.
Expression of a p67(phox) homolog in Caco-2 cells giving O(2)(-)-reconstituting ability to cytochrome b(558) together with recombinant p47(phox).
DOCK5 and DOCK1 regulate Caco-2 intestinal epithelial cell spreading and migration on collagen IV.
Structural and biochemical identification of a novel bacterial oxidoreductase.
CIB1 is essential for mouse spermatogenesis.
A novel role for human Nfs1 in the cytoplasm: Nfs1 acts as a sulfur donor for MOCS3, a protein involved in molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis.
Prevention of neuronal cell death by neural adhesion molecules L1 and CHL1.
Elevation of cellular NAD levels by nicotinic acid and involvement of nicotinic acid phosphoribosyltransferase in human cells.
Suv39h-mediated histone H3 lysine 9 methylation directs DNA methylation to major satellite repeats at pericentric heterochromatin.
The CPSF30 binding site on the NS1A protein of influenza A virus is a potential antiviral target.
Conserved BRCT regions of TopBP1 and of the tumor suppressor BRCA1 bind strand breaks and termini of DNA.
Human eosinophil peroxidase induces surface alteration, killing, and lysis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
The NADPH:quinone oxidoreductase P1-zeta-crystallin in Arabidopsis catalyzes the alpha,beta-hydrogenation of 2-alkenals: detoxication of the lipid peroxide-derived reactive aldehydes.
Isolation of a cDNA encoding human lysophosphatidic acid phosphatase that is involved in the regulation of mitochondrial lipid biosynthesis.
Involvement of the Arabidopsis alpha-DOX1 fatty acid dioxygenase in protection against oxidative stress and cell death.
Structural basis for the inhibition mechanism of human cystathionine gamma-lyase, an enzyme responsible for the production of H(2)S.
Renal cells activate the platelet receptor CLEC-2 through podoplanin.
Protein phosphorylation is involved in the regulation of chromatin condensation during interphase.
The yeast dynamin-like protein, Mgm1p, functions on the mitochondrial outer membrane to mediate mitochondrial inheritance.
The essential role of Saccharomyces cerevisiae CDC6 nucleotide-binding site in cell growth, DNA synthesis, and Orc1 association.
Short Hypocotyl in White Light1 Interacts with Elongated Hypocotyl5 (HY5) and Constitutive Photomorphogenic1 (COP1) and Promotes COP1-Mediated Degradation of HY5 during Arabidopsis Seedling Development.
Retinal stimulates ATP hydrolysis by purified and reconstituted ABCR, the photoreceptor-specific ATP-binding cassette transporter responsible for Stargardt disease.
PTOP interacts with POT1 and regulates its localization to telomeres.
Isolation and characterization of the novel popeye gene family expressed in skeletal muscle and heart.
The hairpin-type tail-anchored SNARE syntaxin 17 targets to autophagosomes for fusion with endosomes/lysosomes.
Plant organ size control: AINTEGUMENTA regulates growth and cell numbers during organogenesis.
Cloning and characterization of androgen receptor coactivator, ARA55, in human prostate.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis cell-surface glycoprotein apa as a potential adhesin to colonize target cells via the innate immune system pulmonary C-type lectin surfactant protein A.
Human Fip1 is a subunit of CPSF that binds to U-rich RNA elements and stimulates poly(A) polymerase.
Mannose permease of Escherichia coli. Domain structure and function of the phosphorylating subunit.
Unrestricted synaptic growth in spinster-a late endosomal protein implicated in TGF-beta-mediated synaptic growth regulation.
The ash2 gene is involved in Drosophila wing development.
Geranylgeranyltransferase I inhibitors target RalB to inhibit anchorage-dependent growth and induce apoptosis and RalA to inhibit anchorage-independent growth.
Enhanced learning and memory in mice lacking Na+/Ca2+ exchanger 2.
A complex containing betaTrCP recruits Cdc34 to catalyse ubiquitination of IkappaBalpha.
Molecular aspects of fatty acid transport: mutations in the IYTSGTTGXPK motif impair fatty acid transport protein function.
Suppression of tubulin polymerization by the LKB1-microtubule-associated protein/microtubule affinity-regulating kinase signaling.
Reciprocal regulation between TOC1 and LHY/CCA1 within the Arabidopsis circadian clock.
Human ornithine decarboxylase paralogue (ODCp) is an antizyme inhibitor but not an arginine decarboxylase.
Aprataxin resolves adenylated RNA-DNA junctions to maintain genome integrity.
TANGO1 and Mia2/cTAGE5 (TALI) cooperate to export bulky pre-chylomicrons/VLDLs from the endoplasmic reticulum.
Addition of m6A to SV40 late mRNAs enhances viral structural gene expression and replication.
Unliganded structure of human bisphosphoglycerate mutase reveals side-chain movements induced by ligand binding.
Expression of mammalian DT-diaphorase in Escherichia coli: purification and characterization of the expressed protein.
Integrin alpha v beta 6 enhances coxsackievirus B1 lytic infection of human colon cancer cells.
A molecular genetic analysis of the interaction between the cytoplasmic dynein intermediate chain and the glued (dynactin) complex.
Factors affecting nuclear export of the 60S ribosomal subunit in vivo.
Powdery mildew resistance conferred by loss of the ENHANCED DISEASE RESISTANCE1 protein kinase is suppressed by a missense mutation in KEEP ON GOING, a regulator of abscisic acid signaling.
Tbx1, a DiGeorge syndrome candidate gene, is regulated by sonic hedgehog during pharyngeal arch development.
E2F-7: a distinctive E2F family member with an unusual organization of DNA-binding domains.
Asymmetric arginine dimethylation determines life span in C. elegans by regulating forkhead transcription factor DAF-16.
Protein related to DAN and cerberus is a bone morphogenetic protein antagonist that participates in ovarian paracrine regulation.
Disulfide exchange in domain 2 of CD4 is required for entry of HIV-1.
The immune adaptor molecule SARM modulates tumor necrosis factor alpha production and microglia activation in the brainstem and restricts West Nile Virus pathogenesis.
Stimulation of NF-E2 DNA binding by CREB-binding protein (CBP)-mediated acetylation.
The mouse ortholog of NEIL3 is a functional DNA glycosylase in vitro and in vivo.
Interaction between NTF2 and xFxFG-containing nucleoporins is required to mediate nuclear import of RanGDP.
The mammalian Ced-1 ortholog MEGF10/KIAA1780 displays a novel adhesion pattern.
The DIX domain protein coiled-coil-DIX1 inhibits c-Jun N-terminal kinase activation by Axin and dishevelled through distinct mechanisms.
Cloning of an amino acid transporter with functional characteristics and tissue expression pattern identical to that of system A.
Fission yeast Pom1p kinase activity is cell cycle regulated and essential for cellular symmetry during growth and division.
Differential role of human choline kinase alpha and beta enzymes in lipid metabolism: implications in cancer onset and treatment.
An aminoacylation-dependent nuclear tRNA export pathway in yeast.
Genetics of Aux/IAA and ARF action in plant growth and development.
An exclusively nuclear RNA-binding protein affects asymmetric localization of ASH1 mRNA and Ash1p in yeast.
DNA double-strand break-induced phosphorylation of Drosophila histone variant H2Av helps prevent radiation-induced apoptosis.
IgEb immune complexes activate macrophages through FcgammaRIV binding.
An actin-dependent mechanism for long-range vesicle transport.
Human C-type lectin domain family 4, member C (CLEC4C/BDCA-2/CD303) is a receptor for asialo-galactosyl-oligosaccharides.
The Bardet-Biedl protein BBS4 targets cargo to the pericentriolar region and is required for microtubule anchoring and cell cycle progression.
The C-terminus of the transmembrane mucin MUC17 binds to the scaffold protein PDZK1 that stably localizes it to the enterocyte apical membrane in the small intestine.
Characterization of two novel aldo-keto reductases from Arabidopsis: expression patterns, broad substrate specificity, and an open active-site structure suggest a role in toxicant metabolism following stress.
Molecular basis of classic galactosemia from the structure of human galactose 1-phosphate uridylyltransferase.
The gene tinman is required for specification of the heart and visceral muscles in Drosophila.
An RNA interference-based screen identifies MAP4K4/NIK as a negative regulator of PPARgamma, adipogenesis, and insulin-responsive hexose transport.
Zebrafish (Danio rerio) presenilin promotes aberrant amyloid beta-peptide production and requires a critical aspartate residue for its function in amyloidogenesis.
The aurora B kinase and the polycomb protein ring1B combine to regulate active promoters in quiescent lymphocytes.
PAR-1 is a Dishevelled-associated kinase and a positive regulator of Wnt signalling.
N-CAM modulates tumour-cell adhesion to matrix by inducing FGF-receptor signalling.
STAR syndrome-associated CDK10/Cyclin M regulates actin network architecture and ciliogenesis.
Identification of the critical sequence elements in the cytoplasmic domain of leptin receptor isoforms required for Janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription activation by receptor heterodimers.
Sirtuins deacetylate and activate mammalian acetyl-CoA synthetases.
Mechanistic and structural studies on legumain explain its zymogenicity, distinct activation pathways, and regulation.
A genome-wide screen in Saccharomyces cerevisiae for genes affecting UV radiation sensitivity.
Stress-induced germ cell apoptosis by a p53 independent pathway in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Eyes absent represents a class of protein tyrosine phosphatases.
Dynamic O-glycosylation of nuclear and cytosolic proteins: further characterization of the nucleocytoplasmic beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase, O-GlcNAcase.
MOM-4, a MAP kinase kinase kinase-related protein, activates WRM-1/LIT-1 kinase to transduce anterior/posterior polarity signals in C. elegans.
Essential role for TrkB receptors in hippocampus-mediated learning.
Differential interactions of Rel-NF-kappa B complexes with I kappa B alpha determine pools of constitutive and inducible NF-kappa B activity.
Human cystinuria-related transporter: localization and functional characterization.
The inositol 5'-phosphatase SHIP-1 and the Src kinase Lyn negatively regulate macrophage colony-stimulating factor-induced Akt activity.
Regulation of cAMP-dependent protein kinases: the human protein kinase X (PrKX) reveals the role of the catalytic subunit alphaH-alphaI loop.
Isolated polycystic liver disease genes define effectors of polycystin-1 function.
Physical and functional interaction between Dorfin and Valosin-containing protein that are colocalized in ubiquitylated inclusions in neurodegenerative disorders.
Oculofaciocardiodental and Lenz microphthalmia syndromes result from distinct classes of mutations in BCOR.
A meeting of two chronobiological systems: circadian proteins Period1 and BMAL1 modulate the human hair cycle clock.
Ichthyosis, follicular atrophoderma, and hypotrichosis caused by mutations in ST14 is associated with impaired profilaggrin processing.
Structural basis of cargo membrane protein discrimination by the human COPII coat machinery.
The annealing helicase SMARCAL1 maintains genome integrity at stalled replication forks.
A phytochrome-associated protein phosphatase 2A modulates light signals in flowering time control in Arabidopsis.
A novel protein kinase B (PKB)/AKT-binding protein enhances PKB kinase activity and regulates DNA synthesis.
Arabidopsis OST1 protein kinase mediates the regulation of stomatal aperture by abscisic acid and acts upstream of reactive oxygen species production.
Multidrug resistance protein 1-mediated transport of saquinavir by microglia.
Dendritic cells mediate herpes simplex virus infection and transmission through the C-type lectin DC-SIGN.
Distinct modes of regulation of the Uch37 deubiquitinating enzyme in the proteasome and in the Ino80 chromatin-remodeling complex.
PEX19 binds multiple peroxisomal membrane proteins, is predominantly cytoplasmic, and is required for peroxisome membrane synthesis.
A protein phosphorylation/dephosphorylation network regulates a plant potassium channel.
Novel 3'-ribonuclease and 3'-phosphatase activities of the bacterial non-homologous end-joining protein, DNA ligase D.
Crystal structure of the eIF4A-PDCD4 complex.
Human p32 protein relieves a post-transcriptional block to HIV replication in murine cells.
Expression of T-cadherin (CDH13, H-Cadherin) in human brain and its characteristics as a negative growth regulator of epidermal growth factor in neuroblastoma cells.
The Drosophila brahma complex is an essential coactivator for the trithorax group protein zeste.
Activation of the murine type II transforming growth factor-beta receptor gene: up-regulation and function of the transcription factor Elf-3/Ert/Esx/Ese-1.
Physiological and molecular assessment of altered expression of Hsc70-1 in Arabidopsis. Evidence for pleiotropic consequences.
Functional analysis of a voltage-gated sodium channel and its splice variant from rat dorsal root ganglia.
Structure-function analysis of the dolichyl phosphate-mannose: protein O-mannosyltransferase ScPmt1p.
Reduction of plastid-localized carbonic anhydrase activity results in reduced Arabidopsis seedling survivorship.
Structure-function analysis of a novel member of the LIV-1 subfamily of zinc transporters, ZIP14.
Trans-kingdom mimicry underlies ribosome customization by a poxvirus kinase.
Influence of GrpE on DnaK-substrate interactions.
Genetic relationship between acylpeptide hydrolase and acylase, two hydrolytic enzymes with similar binding but different catalytic specificities.
Facilitation of mRNA deadenylation and decay by the exosome-bound, DExH protein RHAU.
Negative regulation and gain control of sensory neurons by the C. elegans calcineurin TAX-6.
Transcription factors, cAMP-responsive element modulator (CREM) and Tisp40, act in concert in postmeiotic transcriptional regulation.
DNA unwinding by ASCC3 helicase is coupled to ALKBH3-dependent DNA alkylation repair and cancer cell proliferation.
Direct activation of phospholipase C-epsilon by Rho.
Function of PI3Kgamma in thymocyte development, T cell activation, and neutrophil migration.
Localization of the G protein betagamma complex in living cells during chemotaxis.
The Jak kinases differentially associate with the alpha and beta (accessory factor) chains of the interferon gamma receptor to form a functional receptor unit capable of activating STAT transcription factors.
Extracellular cysteines of CCR5 are required for chemokine binding, but dispensable for HIV-1 coreceptor activity.
Conversion of vitamin D3 to 1alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 by Streptomyces griseolus cytochrome P450SU-1.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a distinct human phosphodiesterase gene family: PDE11A.
Structure of Schlafen13 reveals a new class of tRNA/rRNA- targeting RNase engaged in translational control.
Comparative biochemical studies of the murine fatty acid transport proteins (FATP) expressed in yeast.
lin-35 Rb and cki-1 Cip/Kip cooperate in developmental regulation of G1 progression in C. elegans.
Distribution of acetylated histones resulting from Gal4-VP16 recruitment of SAGA and NuA4 complexes.
The Arabidopsis LOS5/ABA3 locus encodes a molybdenum cofactor sulfurase and modulates cold stress- and osmotic stress-responsive gene expression.
Aurora B kinase exists in a complex with survivin and INCENP and its kinase activity is stimulated by survivin binding and phosphorylation.
MICAL-L1 links EHD1 to tubular recycling endosomes and regulates receptor recycling.
TAM receptors are pleiotropic inhibitors of the innate immune response.
Megf10 regulates the progression of the satellite cell myogenic program.
The oxidized forms of dATP are substrates for the human MutT homologue, the hMTH1 protein.
Three-dimensional structure of human erythrocytic purine nucleoside phosphorylase at 3.2 A resolution.
Mechanism of assembly of the Bis(Molybdopterin guanine dinucleotide)molybdenum cofactor in Rhodobacter sphaeroides dimethyl sulfoxide reductase.
Role of ERO1-alpha-mediated stimulation of inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate receptor activity in endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced apoptosis.
Mammalian Golgi-associated Bicaudal-D2 functions in the dynein-dynactin pathway by interacting with these complexes.
A histone H2A deubiquitinase complex coordinating histone acetylation and H1 dissociation in transcriptional regulation.
Role of conserved threonine and tyrosine residues in acetylcholine binding and muscarinic receptor activation. A study with m3 muscarinic receptor point mutants.
Bazooka and atypical protein kinase C are required to regulate oocyte differentiation in the Drosophila ovary.
Mitosin/CENP-F is a conserved kinetochore protein subjected to cytoplasmic dynein-mediated poleward transport.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 kills Caenorhabditis elegans by cyanide poisoning.
The hotdog thioesterase EntH (YbdB) plays a role in vivo in optimal enterobactin biosynthesis by interacting with the ArCP domain of EntB.
Cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding a novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein-like protein and its expression in myeloid leukemia cells.
Evidence that the peptidylprolyl isomerase domain of the hsp90-binding immunophilin FKBP52 is involved in both dynein interaction and glucocorticoid receptor movement to the nucleus.
Mutations in the clathrin-assembly gene Picalm are responsible for the hematopoietic and iron metabolism abnormalities in fit1 mice.
Ski-interacting protein interacts with Smad proteins to augment transforming growth factor-beta-dependent transcription.
Mapping the functional domains of HAP95, a protein that binds RNA helicase A and activates the constitutive transport element of type D retroviruses.
Rv2131c gene product: an unconventional enzyme that is both inositol monophosphatase and fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase.
Polo-like kinase 1 regulates Nlp, a centrosome protein involved in microtubule nucleation.
Gibberellin regulates Arabidopsis seed germination via RGL2, a GAI/RGA-like gene whose expression is up-regulated following imbibition.
Identification of an intestinal folate transporter and the molecular basis for hereditary folate malabsorption.
The Drosophila HOAP protein is required for telomere capping.
Evidence that SHIP-1 contributes to phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate metabolism in T lymphocytes and can regulate novel phosphoinositide 3-kinase effectors.
Inherent calcineurin inhibitor FKBP38 targets Bcl-2 to mitochondria and inhibits apoptosis.
Regulation of NGFI-A (Egr-1) gene expression by the POU domain transcription factor Brn-3a.
Alternative splicing affecting a novel domain in the C. elegans EGL-15 FGF receptor confers functional specificity.
Induction of vanilloid receptor channel activity by protein kinase C.
Purification and characterization of a beta-glucosidase from rye (Secale cereale L.) seedlings.
Repression of transcriptional activity of C/EBPalpha by E2F-dimerization partner complexes.
Structural basis for the high all-trans-retinaldehyde reductase activity of the tumor marker AKR1B10.
Drosophila CtBP: a Hairy-interacting protein required for embryonic segmentation and hairy-mediated transcriptional repression.
Alternative splice variants of the human centrosome kinase Nek2 exhibit distinct patterns of expression in mitosis.
Membrane glycoprotein PC-1 inhibition of insulin receptor function occurs via direct interaction with the receptor alpha-subunit.
Isolation and characterization of a Drosophila homologue of mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase-3 which has a high substrate specificity towards extracellular-signal-regulated kinase.
The mental retardation protein PAK3 contributes to synapse formation and plasticity in hippocampus.
The augmin complex plays a critical role in spindle microtubule generation for mitotic progression and cytokinesis in human cells.
Differential phosphorylation paradigms dictate desensitization and internalization of the N-formyl peptide receptor.
The interaction between the helicase DHX33 and IPS-1 as a novel pathway to sense double-stranded RNA and RNA viruses in myeloid dendritic cells.
Shootin1: A protein involved in the organization of an asymmetric signal for neuronal polarization.
The 5HT2 receptor defines a family of structurally distinct but functionally conserved serotonin receptors.
Molecular properties of a novel, hydrophilic cation-binding protein associated with the plasma membrane.
Effect of mutations in VP5 hydrophobic loops on rotavirus cell entry.
Mutations at the BLK locus linked to maturity onset diabetes of the young and beta-cell dysfunction.
Measles virus targets DC-SIGN to enhance dendritic cell infection.
p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase can be involved in transforming growth factor beta superfamily signal transduction in Drosophila wing morphogenesis.
Identification of a novel family of targets of PYK2 related to Drosophila retinal degeneration B (rdgB) protein.
Dissecting the role of Rho-mediated signaling in contractile ring formation.
Human serine racemase: moleular cloning, genomic organization and functional analysis.
Endocytosis of the viral chemokine receptor US28 does not require beta-arrestins but is dependent on the clathrin-mediated pathway.
Polycystic kidney disease protein fibrocystin localizes to the mitotic spindle and regulates spindle bipolarity.
Purification and Partial Characterization of Maize (Zea mays L.) beta-Glucosidase.
Initial-rate kinetics of the flavin reductase reaction catalysed by human biliverdin-IXbeta reductase (BVR-B).
Capped small RNAs and MOV10 in human hepatitis delta virus replication.
Characterization of the neurotoxin produced by isolates associated with avian botulism.
A screen for new trithorax group genes identified little imaginal discs, the Drosophila melanogaster homologue of human retinoblastoma binding protein 2.
Crucial function of vertebrate glutaredoxin 3 (PICOT) in iron homeostasis and hemoglobin maturation.
A novel cold-sensitive allele of the rate-limiting enzyme of fatty acid synthesis, acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase, affects the morphology of the yeast vacuole through acylation of Vac8p.
Ku recruits the XRCC4-ligase IV complex to DNA ends.
Aconitase plays a role in regulating resistance to oxidative stress and cell death in Arabidopsis and Nicotiana benthamiana.
TAK1 participates in c-Jun N-terminal kinase signaling during Drosophila development.
Ghrelin is a growth-hormone-releasing acylated peptide from stomach.
The C-terminus of glycosylphosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase D is essential for biological activity.
Induction of autophagy and inhibition of tumorigenesis by beclin 1.
Purification, cloning, and RXR identity of the HeLa cell factor with which RAR or TR heterodimerizes to bind target sequences efficiently.
Increased expression of Ifi202, an IFN-activatable gene, in B6.Nba2 lupus susceptible mice inhibits p53-mediated apoptosis.
Nutrient control of glucose homeostasis through a complex of PGC-1alpha and SIRT1.
Arginine transport via cationic amino acid transporter 2 plays a critical regulatory role in classical or alternative activation of macrophages.
Cloning of a third mammalian Na+-Ca2+ exchanger, NCX3.
Role of dystrophin and utrophin for assembly and function of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex in non-muscle tissue.
Glutamine methylation in histone H2A is an RNA-polymerase-I-dedicated modification.
Galectin-8-N-domain recognition mechanism for sialylated and sulfated glycans.
Orphan nuclear receptor small heterodimer partner, a novel corepressor for a basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor BETA2/neuroD.
Phosphorylation of CPEB by Eg2 mediates the recruitment of CPSF into an active cytoplasmic polyadenylation complex.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis serine/threonine kinases PknA and PknB: substrate identification and regulation of cell shape.
Ligand-, cell-, and estrogen receptor subtype (alpha/beta)-dependent activation at GC-rich (Sp1) promoter elements.
Electron transfer from quinohemoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase to blue copper protein azurin in the alcohol oxidase respiratory chain of Pseudomonas putida HK5.
Trans-inactivation of receptor tyrosine kinases by novel angiotensin II AT2 receptor-interacting protein, ATIP.
A receptor for the heterodimeric cytokine IL-23 is composed of IL-12Rbeta1 and a novel cytokine receptor subunit, IL-23R.
Identification of an alternative G{alpha}q-dependent chemokine receptor signal transduction pathway in dendritic cells and granulocytes.
Mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase lowers leaf respiration and alters photorespiration and plant growth in Arabidopsis.
Dauer-specific dendrite arborization in C. elegans is regulated by KPC-1/Furin.
Site specificity of four pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoenzymes toward the three phosphorylation sites of human pyruvate dehydrogenase.
Argininosuccinate synthetase is a functional target for a snake venom anti-hypertensive peptide: role in arginine and nitric oxide production.
Enterovirus 71 2B Induces Cell Apoptosis by Directly Inducing the Conformational Activation of the Proapoptotic Protein Bax.
The E3 ligase Ubr3 regulates Usher syndrome and MYH9 disorder proteins in the auditory organs of Drosophila and mammals.
Arabidopsis V-ATPase activity at the tonoplast is required for efficient nutrient storage but not for sodium accumulation.
Cep164, a novel centriole appendage protein required for primary cilium formation.
A novel hook-related protein family and the characterization of hook-related protein 1.
hemipterous encodes a novel Drosophila MAP kinase kinase, required for epithelial cell sheet movement.
Identification of cell surface molecules involved in dystroglycan-independent Lassa virus cell entry.
Molecular cloning and immunologic characterization of a novel cDNA coding for progesterone-induced blocking factor.
The response regulator ARR2: a pollen-specific transcription factor involved in the expression of nuclear genes for components of mitochondrial complex I in Arabidopsis.
Isolation, characterization and mapping of the mouse and human RB1CC1 genes.
Regulation of IL-1beta generation by Pseudo-ICE and ICEBERG, two dominant negative caspase recruitment domain proteins.
A hedgehog-induced BTB protein modulates hedgehog signaling by degrading Ci/Gli transcription factor.
Targeting DCIR on human plasmacytoid dendritic cells results in antigen presentation and inhibits IFN-alpha production.
The activity of the GTPase-activating protein CdGAP is regulated by the endocytic protein intersectin.
Serine racemase: a glial enzyme synthesizing D-serine to regulate glutamate-N-methyl-D-aspartate neurotransmission.
Inhibition of cell migration by autophosphorylated mammalian sterile 20-like kinase 3 (MST3) involves paxillin and protein-tyrosine phosphatase-PEST.
Heterogeneity among Ly-49C natural killer (NK) cells: characterization of highly related receptors with differing functions and expression patterns.
CARP, a cardiac ankyrin repeat protein, is downstream in the Nkx2-5 homeobox gene pathway.
A putative blue-light receptor from Drosophila melanogaster.
The mitogen-activated protein kinase signal-integrating kinase Mnk2 is a eukaryotic initiation factor 4E kinase with high levels of basal activity in mammalian cells.
Structural enzymological studies of 2-enoyl thioester reductase of the human mitochondrial FAS II pathway: new insights into its substrate recognition properties.
The snRNP-free U1A (SF-A) complex(es): identification of the largest subunit as PSF, the polypyrimidine-tract binding protein-associated splicing factor.
Physical and functional interaction between PML and TBX2 in the establishment of cellular senescence.
HSPC117 is the essential subunit of a human tRNA splicing ligase complex.
Cited1 is required in trophoblasts for placental development and for embryo growth and survival.
LDL receptor and its family members serve as the cellular receptors for vesicular stomatitis virus.
The protein network of HIV budding.
Disruption of ALX1 causes extreme microphthalmia and severe facial clefting: expanding the spectrum of autosomal-recessive ALX-related frontonasal dysplasia.
Identification of trichoplein, a novel keratin filament-binding protein.
5'-Deoxyribose phosphate lyase activity of human DNA polymerase iota in vitro.
A core complex of BBS proteins cooperates with the GTPase Rab8 to promote ciliary membrane biogenesis.
WrbA from Escherichia coli and Archaeoglobus fulgidus is an NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase.
Redox modification of nuclear actin by MICAL-2 regulates SRF signaling.
Importance of a novel GABAA receptor subunit for benzodiazepine pharmacology.
Activity-dependent synaptogenesis: regulation by a CaM-kinase kinase/CaM-kinase I/betaPIX signaling complex.
The hDcp2 protein is a mammalian mRNA decapping enzyme.
IL-10 inhibits granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor-dependent human monocyte survival at the early stage of the culture and inhibits the generation of macrophages.
The human UDP-glucuronosyltransferase UGT1A3 is highly selective towards N2 in the tetrazole ring of losartan, candesartan, and zolarsartan.
The effect of nucleotides and mitochondrial chaperonin 10 on the structure and chaperone activity of mitochondrial chaperonin 60.
Actin cytoskeleton remodeling by the alternatively spliced isoform of PDLIM4/RIL protein.
A molecular programme for the specification of germ cell fate in mice.
Targeting and translocation of two lipoproteins in Escherichia coli via the SRP/Sec/YidC pathway.
Orphan transporter SLC6A18 is renal neutral amino acid transporter B0AT3.
fear of intimacy encodes a novel transmembrane protein required for gonad morphogenesis in Drosophila.
Stimulation of glucose transport in osteoblastic cells by parathyroid hormone and insulin-like growth factor I.
Ash1a and Neurogenin1 function downstream of Floating head to regulate epiphysial neurogenesis.
A gatekeeper helix determines the substrate specificity of Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome enzyme fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase.
PRDM5 is silenced in human cancers and has growth suppressive activities.
CD151, the first member of the tetraspanin (TM4) superfamily detected on erythrocytes, is essential for the correct assembly of human basement membranes in kidney and skin.
Disrupted cardiac development but normal hematopoiesis in mice deficient in the second CXCL12/SDF-1 receptor, CXCR7.
High-affinity laminin receptor is a receptor for Sindbis virus in mammalian cells.
Acid-sensing ion channel 2 is important for retinal function and protects against light-induced retinal degeneration.
Metalloprotease-mediated OPA1 processing is modulated by the mitochondrial membrane potential.
Regulation of repulsion versus adhesion by different splice forms of an Eph receptor.
Structural analysis of botulinum neurotoxin type E catalytic domain and its mutant Glu212-->Gln reveals the pivotal role of the Glu212 carboxylate in the catalytic pathway.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of two plant inositol polyphosphate 6-/3-/5-kinases.
Ca2+-ATPases in non-failing and failing heart: evidence for a novel cardiac sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase 2 isoform (SERCA2c).
An isoform of kalirin, a brain-specific GDP/GTP exchange factor, is enriched in the postsynaptic density fraction.
Transcription factor AtTCP14 regulates embryonic growth potential during seed germination in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Release of soluble CD40L from platelets is regulated by glycoprotein IIb/IIIa and actin polymerization.
The transcription factor Znf219 regulates chondrocyte differentiation by assembling a transcription factory with Sox9.
Cloning and functional characterization of novel large conductance calcium-activated potassium channel beta subunits, hKCNMB3 and hKCNMB4.
Dynamic histone H3 methylation during gene induction: HYPB/Setd2 mediates all H3K36 trimethylation.
Characterization of the magnitude and mechanism of aldehyde oxidase-mediated nitric oxide production from nitrite.
Neutral sphingomyelinase 2 (smpd3) in the control of postnatal growth and development.
The lipid phosphatase myotubularin is essential for skeletal muscle maintenance but not for myogenesis in mice.
Anthrax lethal factor causes proteolytic inactivation of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase.
An RNA helicase, DDX1, interacting with poly(A) RNA and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K.
Identification of a novel protein kinase mediating Akt survival signaling to the ATM protein.
ADAR1 RNA deaminase limits short interfering RNA efficacy in mammalian cells.
The human cytokine I-309 is a monocyte chemoattractant.
Structural refinement and analysis of Mengo virus.
DAPK2 positively regulates motility of neutrophils and eosinophils in response to intermediary chemoattractants.
Mammalian inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase II can compensate for the absence of all three yeast Sac1-like-domain-containing 5-phosphatases.
Arabidopsis CULLIN4 Forms an E3 Ubiquitin Ligase with RBX1 and the CDD Complex in Mediating Light Control of Development.
PIAS3 induces SUMO-1 modification and transcriptional repression of IRF-1.
Drosophila homolog of APP-BP1 (dAPP-BP1) interacts antagonistically with APPL during Drosophila development.
Phosphorylation of GRK1 and GRK7 by cAMP-dependent protein kinase attenuates their enzymatic activities.
Human macrophage scavenger receptors: primary structure, expression, and localization in atherosclerotic lesions.
dlk, a putative mammalian homeotic gene differentially expressed in small cell lung carcinoma and neuroendocrine tumor cell line.
Disabled-2 is transcriptionally regulated by ICSBP and augments macrophage spreading and adhesion.
The Vtc proteins in vacuole fusion: coupling NSF activity to V(0) trans-complex formation.
Soluble PTK7 inhibits tube formation, migration, and invasion of endothelial cells and angiogenesis.
Gain-of-function and loss-of-function phenotypes of the protein phosphatase 2C HAB1 reveal its role as a negative regulator of abscisic acid signalling.
Adaptive evolution of threonine deaminase in plant defense against insect herbivores.
A putative cell signal encoded by the folded gastrulation gene coordinates cell shape changes during Drosophila gastrulation.
ATP-2 interacts with the PLAT domain of LOV-1 and is involved in Caenorhabditis elegans polycystin signaling.
A novel gene, fad49, plays a crucial role in the immediate early stage of adipocyte differentiation via involvement in mitotic clonal expansion.
The mammalian passenger protein TD-60 is an RCC1 family member with an essential role in prometaphase to metaphase progression.
Interaction of MAGED1 with nuclear receptors affects circadian clock function.
Identification of mouse TRAP100: a transcriptional coregulatory factor for thyroid hormone and vitamin D receptors.
Escherichia coli purine nucleoside phosphorylase II, the product of the xapA gene.
Rubicon controls endosome maturation as a Rab7 effector.
Link between the ubiquitin conjugation system and the ISG15 conjugation system: ISG15 conjugation to the UbcH6 ubiquitin E2 enzyme.
Roles of the putative integrin-binding motif of the human metapneumovirus fusion (f) protein in cell-cell fusion, viral infectivity, and pathogenesis.
A sodium-dependent neutral-amino-acid transporter mediates infections of feline and baboon endogenous retroviruses and simian type D retroviruses.
Feeding cells induced by phytoparasitic nematodes require γ-tubulin ring complex for microtubule reorganization.
Discovery of a novel function for human Rad51: maintenance of the mitochondrial genome.
Human cyclin E, a nuclear protein essential for the G1-to-S phase transition.
Excision of 3' termini by the Trex1 and TREX2 3'-->5' exonucleases. Characterization of the recombinant proteins.
The keratin-binding protein Albatross regulates polarization of epithelial cells.
Molecular identification of the ryanodine receptor pore-forming segment.
Nek11, a new member of the NIMA family of kinases, involved in DNA replication and genotoxic stress responses.
Reduced sleep in Drosophila Shaker mutants.
Precursor of ether phospholipids is synthesized by a flavoenzyme through covalent catalysis.
DNA methyltransferases Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b are essential for de novo methylation and mammalian development.
Interplay of PIWI/Argonaute protein MIWI and kinesin KIF17b in chromatoid bodies of male germ cells.
Human Mob proteins regulate the NDR1 and NDR2 serine-threonine kinases.
Stem cell signaling in Arabidopsis requires CRN to localize CLV2 to the plasma membrane.
ATXR5 and ATXR6 are H3K27 monomethyltransferases required for chromatin structure and gene silencing.
Gfi-1 represses CDKN2B encoding p15INK4B through interaction with Miz-1.
Similar protein phosphatases control starch metabolism in plants and glycogen metabolism in mammals.
AMPA receptor subunit-specific regulation by a distinct family of type II TARPs.
Identification of the enzyme required for activation of the small ubiquitin-like protein SUMO-1.
A mitochondrial origin for frontotemporal dementia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis through CHCHD10 involvement.
Assembly, maturation and three-dimensional helical structure of the teratogenic rubella virus.
Catalytic triad of microsomal epoxide hydrolase: replacement of Glu404 with Asp leads to a strongly increased turnover rate.
Identification of a nonsense mutation in the granulocyte-colony-stimulating factor receptor in severe congenital neutropenia.
Bat3 promotes the membrane integration of tail-anchored proteins.
dMi-2, a hunchback-interacting protein that functions in polycomb repression.
The mitotic-spindle-associated protein astrin is essential for progression through mitosis.
The neuropeptide head activator induces activation and translocation of the growth-factor-regulated Ca(2+)-permeable channel GRC.
Purification, sequencing, and molecular identification of a mammalian PP-InsP5 kinase that is activated when cells are exposed to hyperosmotic stress.
A programmable dual-RNA-guided DNA endonuclease in adaptive bacterial immunity.
Expression in BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice of Rt6-1 and Rt6-2 ADP-ribosyltransferases that differ in enzymatic activity: C57BL/6 Rt6-1 is a natural transferase knockout.
Identification and characterization of RA-GEF-2, a Rap guanine nucleotide exchange factor that serves as a downstream target of M-Ras.
Distinct Albino3-dependent and -independent pathways for thylakoid membrane protein insertion.
Negative regulation of protein translation by mitogen-activated protein kinase-interacting kinases 1 and 2.
Histone deimination antagonizes arginine methylation.
The Caenorhabditis elegans JNK signaling pathway activates expression of stress response genes by derepressing the Fos/HDAC repressor complex.
TRIM9, a novel brain-specific E3 ubiquitin ligase, is repressed in the brain of Parkinson's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
SKP1-SnRK protein kinase interactions mediate proteasomal binding of a plant SCF ubiquitin ligase.
Mutations involved in Aicardi-Goutières syndrome implicate SAMHD1 as regulator of the innate immune response.
Regulation of AChR clustering by Dishevelled interacting with MuSK and PAK1.
The p21 Cdk-interacting protein Cip1 is a potent inhibitor of G1 cyclin-dependent kinases.
Molecular enzymology of mammalian Delta1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate synthase. Alternative splice donor utilization generates isoforms with different sensitivity to ornithine inhibition.
Cell type-specific involvement of RIG-I in antiviral response.
Site-directed mutagenesis and continuous expression of human beta-adrenergic receptors. Identification of a conserved aspartate residue involved in agonist binding and receptor activation.
MgcRacGAP is involved in the control of growth and differentiation of hematopoietic cells.
Protein kinase A associates with HA95 and affects transcriptional coactivation by Epstein-Barr virus nuclear proteins.
Mapping of protein domains of hepatitis A virus 3AB essential for interaction with 3CD and viral RNA.
Octopamine receptor OAMB is required for ovulation in Drosophila melanogaster.
A DEAD box protein facilitates HIV-1 replication as a cellular co-factor of Rev.
A comparative analysis of the Arabidopsis mutant amp1-1 and a novel weak amp1 allele reveals new functions of the AMP1 protein.
JIL-1: a novel chromosomal tandem kinase implicated in transcriptional regulation in Drosophila.
The structure of human 5-lipoxygenase.
Structure of the poly-C9 component of the complement membrane attack complex.
An endoplasmic reticulum (ER) membrane complex composed of SPFH1 and SPFH2 mediates the ER-associated degradation of inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptors.
Identification of a human centrosomal calmodulin-binding protein that shares homology with pericentrin.
IQGAP1 promotes neurite outgrowth in a phosphorylation-dependent manner.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis early secreted antigenic target of 6 kDa inhibits T cell interferon-γ production through the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
The role of Drosophila CID in kinetochore formation, cell-cycle progression and heterochromatin interactions.
Control of BRCA2 cellular and clinical functions by a nuclear partner, PALB2.
Requirement of the coiled-coil domain of PML-RARalpha oncoprotein for localization, sumoylation, and inhibition of monocyte differentiation.
Purification of active HOPS complex reveals its affinities for phosphoinositides and the SNARE Vam7p.
Divergent functions of neuronal Rab11b in Ca2+-regulated versus constitutive exocytosis.
A key role for autophagy and the autophagy gene Atg16l1 in mouse and human intestinal Paneth cells.
Caspase 3 cleavage of the Ste20-related kinase SLK releases and activates an apoptosis-inducing kinase domain and an actin-disassembling region.
CD133 suppresses neuroblastoma cell differentiation via signal pathway modification.
Serotonin 5-HT(2C) receptors regulate anxiety-like behavior.
Muf1, a novel Elongin BC-interacting leucine-rich repeat protein that can assemble with Cul5 and Rbx1 to reconstitute a ubiquitin ligase.
Regulation of insulin granule turnover in pancreatic beta-cells by cleaved ICA512.
Mutations in the plakophilin 1 gene result in ectodermal dysplasia/skin fragility syndrome.
Regulation of the hTERT promoter activity by MSH2, the hnRNPs K and D, and GRHL2 in human oral squamous cell carcinoma cells.
Novel heme ligation in a c-type cytochrome involved in thiosulfate oxidation: EPR and MCD of SoxAX from Rhodovulum sulfidophilum.
Regulation of kinase activity of 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1 by binding to 14-3-3.
Cbl promotes ubiquitination of the T cell receptor zeta through an adaptor function of Zap-70.
Delivery of CdiA nuclease toxins into target cells during contact-dependent growth inhibition.
Yol082p, a novel CVT protein involved in the selective targeting of aminopeptidase I to the yeast vacuole.
Functional expression of human liver cytosolic beta-glucosidase in Pichia pastoris. Insights into its role in the metabolism of dietary glucosides.
The receptor kinase IMPAIRED OOMYCETE SUSCEPTIBILITY1 attenuates abscisic acid responses in Arabidopsis.
Deletion in Catna2, encoding alpha N-catenin, causes cerebellar and hippocampal lamination defects and impaired startle modulation.
Identification of isobutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase and its deficiency in humans.
ApoE2, ApoE3, and ApoE4 Differentially Stimulate APP Transcription and Aβ Secretion.
Interferon regulatory factor 1 binding to p300 stimulates DNA-dependent acetylation of p53.
Arabidopsis heat shock transcription factor A2 as a key regulator in response to several types of environmental stress.
Mixed lineage kinase LZK and antioxidant protein-1 activate NF-kappaB synergistically.
G Protein betagamma subunits stimulate p114RhoGEF, a guanine nucleotide exchange factor for RhoA and Rac1: regulation of cell shape and reactive oxygen species production.
Role of beta(3)-endonexin in the regulation of NF-kappaB-dependent expression of urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor.
Retromer function in endosome-to-Golgi retrograde transport is regulated by the yeast Vps34 PtdIns 3-kinase.
Escherichia coli ribosomal protein L4 stimulates transcription termination at a specific site in the leader of the S10 operon independent of L4-mediated inhibition of translation.
A novel type of regulation of the vimentin intermediate filament cytoskeleton by a Golgi protein.
Exploring the functional interactions between Aurora B, INCENP, and survivin in mitosis.
Senataxin, defective in ataxia oculomotor apraxia type 2, is involved in the defense against oxidative DNA damage.
Afaf, a novel vesicle membrane protein, is related to acrosome formation in murine testis.
Annexin A2 is a C-terminal PCSK9-binding protein that regulates endogenous low density lipoprotein receptor levels.
The Arabidopsis her1 mutant implicates GABA in E-2-hexenal responsiveness.
Molecular identification of mammalian phosphopentomutase and glucose-1,6-bisphosphate synthase, two members of the alpha-D-phosphohexomutase family.
The autocrine motility factor receptor gene encodes a novel type of seven transmembrane protein.
Pivotal role of the renin/prorenin receptor in angiotensin II production and cellular responses to renin.
Escherichia coli glutamyl-tRNA reductase. Trapping the thioester intermediate.
A role of VAMP8/endobrevin in regulated exocytosis of pancreatic acinar cells.
RPA mediates recombination repair during replication stress and is displaced from DNA by checkpoint signalling in human cells.
Dual roles for Spt5 in pre-mRNA processing and transcription elongation revealed by identification of Spt5-associated proteins.
Molecular identification and functional characterization of the human colonic thiamine pyrophosphate transporter.
Characterization of receptor-interacting protein 140 in retinoid receptor activities.
Demonstration that a human 26S proteolytic complex consists of a proteasome and multiple associated protein components and hydrolyzes ATP and ubiquitin-ligated proteins by closely linked mechanisms.
The RasGAP-associated endoribonuclease G3BP assembles stress granules.
A novel dystrophin isoform is required for normal retinal electrophysiology.
Critical but overlapping role of FcgammaRIII and FcgammaRIV in activation of murine neutrophils by immobilized immune complexes.
Tks5-dependent, nox-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species is necessary for invadopodia formation.
Complement receptor type 1 (CR1/CD35) expressed on activated human CD4+ T cells contributes to generation of regulatory T cells.
Cochlin induced TREK-1 co-expression and annexin A2 secretion: role in trabecular meshwork cell elongation and motility.
The novel cargo Alcadein induces vesicle association of kinesin-1 motor components and activates axonal transport.
Identification of in vivo mRNA targets of GLD-1, a maxi-KH motif containing protein required for C. elegans germ cell development.
Negative regulation of the RIG-I signaling by the ubiquitin ligase RNF125.
The THAP-zinc finger protein THAP1 regulates endothelial cell proliferation through modulation of pRB/E2F cell-cycle target genes.
The "GyrA-box" is required for the ability of DNA gyrase to wrap DNA and catalyze the supercoiling reaction.
TRF2 and apollo cooperate with topoisomerase 2alpha to protect human telomeres from replicative damage.
A novel form of cytochrome P-450 family 4 in human polymorphonuclear leukocytes. cDNA cloning and expression of leukotriene B4 omega-hydroxylase.
A new homeobox-containing gene, msh-2, is transiently expressed early during mesoderm formation of Drosophila.
Mistargeting hippocampal axons by expression of a truncated Eph receptor.
Dysregulation of large-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channel expression in nonsyndromal mental retardation due to a cereblon p.R419X mutation.
Tankyrase is a golgi-associated mitogen-activated protein kinase substrate that interacts with IRAP in GLUT4 vesicles.
SUMO modification is required for in vivo Hox gene regulation by the Caenorhabditis elegans Polycomb group protein SOP-2.
ACAD9, a complex I assembly factor with a moonlighting function in fatty acid oxidation deficiencies.
Crag is a GEF for Rab11 required for rhodopsin trafficking and maintenance of adult photoreceptor cells.
A genomewide screen for petite-negative yeast strains yields a new subunit of the i-AAA protease complex.
Triad3A, an E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase regulating Toll-like receptors.
The mitochondrial phosphatase PGAM5 functions at the convergence point of multiple necrotic death pathways.
Functional characterization of the Opitz syndrome gene product (midin): evidence for homodimerization and association with microtubules throughout the cell cycle.
The short isoform of the CEACAM1 receptor in intestinal T cells regulates mucosal immunity and homeostasis via Tfh cell induction.
Mixed lineage kinase domain-like protein mediates necrosis signaling downstream of RIP3 kinase.
Probing the mechanistic role of glutamate residue in the zinc-binding motif of type A botulinum neurotoxin light chain.
A conserved role for a GATA transcription factor in regulating epithelial innate immune responses.
Pivotal role of Rho-associated kinase 2 in generating the intrinsic circadian rhythm of vascular contractility.
The human pregnane X receptor: genomic structure and identification and functional characterization of natural allelic variants.
Identification and characterization of an ABA-activated MAP kinase cascade in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Nonsense-mediated mRNA decay factors, UPF1 and UPF3, contribute to plant defense.
A homozygous mutation in a novel zinc-finger protein, ERIS, is responsible for Wolfram syndrome 2.
The bifunctional active site of s-adenosylmethionine synthetase. Roles of the active site aspartates.
Functional cooperation between c-Cbl and Src-like adaptor protein 2 in the negative regulation of T-cell receptor signaling.
The human asparaginase-like protein 1 hASRGL1 is an Ntn hydrolase with beta-aspartyl peptidase activity.
Astrin is required for the maintenance of sister chromatid cohesion and centrosome integrity.
The Nup358-RanGAP complex is required for efficient importin alpha/beta-dependent nuclear import.
Blindness and auditory impairment caused by loss of the sodium bicarbonate cotransporter NBC3.
Beclin1-binding UVRAG targets the class C Vps complex to coordinate autophagosome maturation and endocytic trafficking.
The relative protein abundance of UGT1A alternative splice variants as a key determinant of glucuronidation activity in vitro.
Lens epithelium-derived growth factor (LEDGF/p75) expression in fetal and adult human brain.
Control of cell polarity and chemotaxis by Akt/PKB and PI3 kinase through the regulation of PAKa.
The Drosophila SDE3 homolog armitage is required for oskar mRNA silencing and embryonic axis specification.
Novel function of Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 as a negative regulator of Niemann-Pick C2 protein.
A role for a PDZ protein in the early secretory pathway for the targeting of proTGF-alpha to the cell surface.
The multiple sulfatase deficiency gene encodes an essential and limiting factor for the activity of sulfatases.
Identification of protein arginine methyltransferase 2 as a coactivator for estrogen receptor alpha.
Site-directed mutations that alter the inhibitory activity of the tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-1: importance of the N-terminal region between cysteine 3 and cysteine 13.
Two ZNF509 (ZBTB49) isoforms induce cell-cycle arrest by activating transcription of p21/CDKN1A and RB upon exposure to genotoxic stress.
HSJ1 is a neuronal shuttling factor for the sorting of chaperone clients to the proteasome.
De novo mutations in the autophagy gene WDR45 cause static encephalopathy of childhood with neurodegeneration in adulthood.
Isolation and characterization of a 14.5-kDa trichloroacetic-acid-soluble translational inhibitor protein from human monocytes that is upregulated upon cellular differentiation.
The biological functions of glutathione revisited in arabidopsis transgenic plants with altered glutathione levels.
Mutant analysis reveals whirlin as a dynamic organizer in the growing hair cell stereocilium.
Mechanism of ubiquitin-chain formation by the human anaphase-promoting complex.
Calcineurin, a calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein phosphatase, is involved in movement, fertility, egg laying, and growth in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Akt2-mediated phosphorylation of Pitx2 controls Ccnd1 mRNA decay during muscle cell differentiation.
Rab32 is an A-kinase anchoring protein and participates in mitochondrial dynamics.
The human silent information regulator (Sir)2 homologue hSIRT3 is a mitochondrial nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide-dependent deacetylase.
Tubulin folding cofactor D is a microtubule destabilizing protein.
The mechanism of an exceptional case of reinitiation after translation of a long ORF reveals why such events do not generally occur in mammalian mRNA translation.
Substrate specificity of RdgB protein, a deoxyribonucleoside triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase.
The major human rhinovirus receptor is ICAM-1.
Na+ -Ca2+ exchanger (NCX3) knock-out mice display an impairment in hippocampal long-term potentiation and spatial learning and memory.
Cellular receptor for poliovirus: molecular cloning, nucleotide sequence, and expression of a new member of the immunoglobulin superfamily.
The Arabidopsis SUMO E3 ligase SIZ1 controls phosphate deficiency responses.
Cloning and characterization of HIV-1-inducible astrocyte elevated gene-1, AEG-1.
Abelson kinase regulates epithelial morphogenesis in Drosophila.
Beta 1D integrin displaces the beta 1A isoform in striated muscles: localization at junctional structures and signaling potential in nonmuscle cells.
The Polo kinase Plk4 functions in centriole duplication.
Substrate specific consequences of central pore mutations in the i-AAA protease Yme1 on substrate engagement.
The coxsackievirus and adenovirus receptor is a transmembrane component of the tight junction.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus nonstructural proteins 3, 4, and 6 induce double-membrane vesicles.
Mammalian class Sigma glutathione S-transferases: catalytic properties and tissue-specific expression of human and rat GSH-dependent prostaglandin D2 synthases.
Distinct transport and intracellular activities of two GlcAT-P isoforms.
alphaVbeta6 is a novel receptor for human fibrillin-1. Comparative studies of molecular determinants underlying integrin-rgd affinity and specificity.
The adaptor protein MITA links virus-sensing receptors to IRF3 transcription factor activation.
Structure of the LKB1-STRAD-MO25 complex reveals an allosteric mechanism of kinase activation.
Expression of the Ca2+-activated chloride channel genes CLCA1 and CLCA2 is downregulated in human colorectal cancer.
Role of Rpn11 metalloprotease in deubiquitination and degradation by the 26S proteasome.
Disease resistance and abiotic stress tolerance in rice are inversely modulated by an abscisic acid-inducible mitogen-activated protein kinase.
GPR37 and GPR37L1 are receptors for the neuroprotective and glioprotective factors prosaptide and prosaposin.
Persistence of the cell-cycle checkpoint kinase Wee1 in SadA- and SadB-deficient neurons disrupts neuronal polarity.
Inhibition of Arp2/3-mediated actin polymerization by PICK1 regulates neuronal morphology and AMPA receptor endocytosis.
L-Threonine dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus horikoshii OT3: gene cloning and enzymatic characterization.
Characterization of two cDNAs encoding mitochondrial lipoamide dehydrogenase from Arabidopsis.
Foxp3 interacts with nuclear factor of activated T cells and NF-kappa B to repress cytokine gene expression and effector functions of T helper cells.
FGF negatively regulates muscle membrane extension in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Rfx6 directs islet formation and insulin production in mice and humans.
Extracellular Mipp1 Activity Confers Migratory Advantage to Epithelial Cells during Collective Migration.
Ephexin4 and EphA2 mediate cell migration through a RhoG-dependent mechanism.
Involvement of acid beta-glucosidase 1 in the salvage pathway of ceramide formation.
Compensatory dendritic cell development mediated by BATF-IRF interactions.
Expanded lysine acetylation specificity of Gcn5 in native complexes.
Xiro-1 controls mesoderm patterning by repressing bmp-4 expression in the Spemann organizer.
Peptidoglycan recognition proteins are a new class of human bactericidal proteins.
Control of leaf morphogenesis by microRNAs.
POU domain factor Brn-3b is essential for retinal ganglion cell differentiation and survival but not for initial cell fate specification.
GEC1 interacts with the kappa opioid receptor and enhances expression of the receptor.
Cellular resistance to bleomycin in Saccharomyces cerevisiae is not affected by changes in bleomycin hydrolase levels.
Metabolism of vitamin D3 by cytochromes P450.
Role of a Galphai2 protein splice variant in the formation of an intracellular dopamine D2 receptor pool.
Dynamic microtubules regulate dendritic spine morphology and synaptic plasticity.
The role of ceroid lipofuscinosis neuronal protein 5 (CLN5) in endosomal sorting.
Rab35 regulates an endocytic recycling pathway essential for the terminal steps of cytokinesis.
Tyrosine-sulfated glycopeptide involved in cellular proliferation and expansion in Arabidopsis.
Inducible expression of calmodulin antisense RNA in Dictyostelium cells inhibits the completion of cytokinesis.
Polycomb group and SCF ubiquitin ligases are found in a novel BCOR complex that is recruited to BCL6 targets.
EPS8 and E3B1 transduce signals from Ras to Rac.
Multiple isoforms of the Drosophila Spätzle protein are encoded by alternatively spliced maternal mRNAs in the precellular blastoderm embryo.
Identification of the MLL2 complex as a coactivator for estrogen receptor alpha.
Regulation of proliferation-survival decisions is controlled by FGF1 secretion in retinal pigmented epithelial cells.
Cilia and Hedgehog responsiveness in the mouse.
Crystal structure of human RANKL complexed with its decoy receptor osteoprotegerin.
Transcriptional repression by a novel member of the bZIP family of transcription factors.
A novel adenovirus E1B19K-binding protein B5 inhibits apoptosis induced by Nip3 by forming a heterodimer through the C-terminal hydrophobic region.
Noradrenaline is essential for mouse fetal development.
RNA nuclear export is blocked by poliovirus 2A protease and is concomitant with nucleoporin cleavage.
Escherichia coli mazEF-mediated cell death as a defense mechanism that inhibits the spread of phage P1.
Phosphorylation of a novel zinc-finger-like protein, ZPR9, by murine protein serine/threonine kinase 38 (MPK38).
Role of breast regression protein 39 (BRP-39)/chitinase 3-like-1 in Th2 and IL-13-induced tissue responses and apoptosis.
Npw38, a novel nuclear protein possessing a WW domain capable of activating basal transcription.
An RNF11: Smurf2 complex mediates ubiquitination of the AMSH protein.
Mapping the functional anatomy of BgK on Kv1.1, Kv1.2, and Kv1.3. Clues to design analogs with enhanced selectivity.
Roquin-2 promotes ubiquitin-mediated degradation of ASK1 to regulate stress responses.
Identification and characterization of NYGGF4, a novel gene containing a phosphotyrosine-binding (PTB) domain that stimulates 3T3-L1 preadipocytes proliferation.
High-level overexpression, rapid purification, and properties of Escherichia coli tRNA nucleotidyltransferase.
Biochemical and structural basis for feedback inhibition of mevalonate kinase and isoprenoid metabolism.
Human SCO1 and SCO2 have independent, cooperative functions in copper delivery to cytochrome c oxidase.
Identification of photorespiratory glutamate:glyoxylate aminotransferase (GGAT) gene in Arabidopsis.
Observation of an unexpected third receptor molecule in the crystal structure of human interferon-gamma receptor complex.
Transcriptional regulation by the gamma5 subunit of a heterotrimeric G protein during adipogenesis.
PDK1 acquires PDK2 activity in the presence of a synthetic peptide derived from the carboxyl terminus of PRK2.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae Arr4p is involved in metal and heat tolerance.
TEM8 expression stimulates endothelial cell adhesion and migration by regulating cell-matrix interactions on collagen.
The essential role of centrosomal NDE1 in human cerebral cortex neurogenesis.
The intracellular domain of teneurin-1 interacts with MBD1 and CAP/ponsin resulting in subcellular codistribution and translocation to the nuclear matrix.
Insulin, cGMP, and TGF-beta signals regulate food intake and quiescence in C. elegans: a model for satiety.
RBP4 disrupts vitamin A uptake homeostasis in a STRA6-deficient animal model for Matthew-Wood syndrome.
Differential gene expression between sensory neocortical areas: potential roles for Ten_m3 and Bcl6 in patterning visual and somatosensory pathways.
Infection by echoviruses 1 and 8 depends on the alpha 2 subunit of human VLA-2.
Substrate recognition by the collagen-binding domain of Clostridium histolyticum class I collagenase.
Fission yeast Clp1p phosphatase regulates G2/M transition and coordination of cytokinesis with cell cycle progression.
Activation of anaplastic lymphoma kinase receptor tyrosine kinase induces neuronal differentiation through the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
Centlein mediates an interaction between C-Nap1 and Cep68 to maintain centrosome cohesion.
The missing step of the L-galactose pathway of ascorbate biosynthesis in plants, an L-galactose guanyltransferase, increases leaf ascorbate content.
A PKC epsilon-ENH-channel complex specifically modulates N-type Ca2+ channels.
Exploring proteomes and analyzing protein processing by mass spectrometric identification of sorted N-terminal peptides.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor capsulin controls spleen organogenesis.
Stage-specific repression by the EKLF transcriptional activator.
Identification of UBIAD1 as a novel human menaquinone-4 biosynthetic enzyme.
Functional substitution for TAF(II)250 by a retroposed homolog that is expressed in human spermatogenesis.
A structure-based mechanism for tRNA and retroviral RNA remodelling during primer annealing.
The SUR2 gene of Arabidopsis thaliana encodes the cytochrome P450 CYP83B1, a modulator of auxin homeostasis.
Human enhancer of invasion-cluster, a coiled-coil protein required for passage through mitosis.
Ndrg1-deficient mice exhibit a progressive demyelinating disorder of peripheral nerves.
Fission yeast p107wee1 mitotic inhibitor is a tyrosine/serine kinase.
Functional implications of calcium permeability of the channel formed by pannexin 1.
BMP signaling controls muscle mass.
High-capacity Ca2+ binding of human skeletal calsequestrin.
Plexin-A3 and plexin-A4 restrict the migration of sympathetic neurons but not their neural crest precursors.
SIRT4 coordinates the balance between lipid synthesis and catabolism by repressing malonyl CoA decarboxylase.
Regulation of checkpoint kinases through dynamic interaction with Crb2.
Cholix toxin, a novel ADP-ribosylating factor from Vibrio cholerae.
The promyelocytic leukemia protein protects p53 from Mdm2-mediated inhibition and degradation.
The human bile acid-CoA:amino acid N-acyltransferase functions in the conjugation of fatty acids to glycine.
Regulation of transcription by a protein methyltransferase.
Binding affinity and reactivity of lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase with native lipoproteins.
Two-amino acid molecular switch in an epithelial morphogen that regulates binding to two distinct receptors.
Corepressor-dependent silencing of chromosomal regions encoding neuronal genes.
Active and water-soluble form of lipidated Wnt protein is maintained by a serum glycoprotein afamin/α-albumin.
Structural and biochemical studies of botulinum neurotoxin serotype C1 light chain protease: implications for dual substrate specificity.
A novel member of the calcium-dependent cysteine protease family.
Bacillus subtilis glutamine synthetase controls gene expression through a protein-protein interaction with transcription factor TnrA.
Splotch (Sp2H), a mutation affecting development of the mouse neural tube, shows a deletion within the paired homeodomain of Pax-3.
The multitype zinc-finger protein U-shaped functions in heart cell specification in the Drosophila embryo.
NH4+-induced down-regulation of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae Gap1p permease involves its ubiquitination with lysine-63-linked chains.
Dcs2, a novel stress-induced modulator of m7GpppX pyrophosphatase activity that locates to P bodies.
Identification and characterization of KCASH2 and KCASH3, 2 novel Cullin3 adaptors suppressing histone deacetylase and Hedgehog activity in medulloblastoma.
The planar cell polarity effector Fuz is essential for targeted membrane trafficking, ciliogenesis and mouse embryonic development.
The 37/67-kilodalton laminin receptor is a receptor for adeno-associated virus serotypes 8, 2, 3, and 9.
Mechanistic insight into site-restricted monoubiquitination of FANCD2 by Ube2t, FANCL, and FANCI.
The notch signalling regulator fringe acts in the Golgi apparatus and requires the glycosyltransferase signature motif DXD.
The pericentriolar satellite protein CEP90 is crucial for integrity of the mitotic spindle pole.
Somatic inactivation of the PHD2 prolyl hydroxylase causes polycythemia and congestive heart failure.
Activity-dependent retrograde laminin A signaling regulates synapse growth at Drosophila neuromuscular junctions.
Identification of a new potential airway irritation marker, palate lung nasal epithelial clone protein, in human nasal lavage fluid with two-dimensional electrophoresis and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight.
Unraveling of the E-helices and disruption of 4-fold pores are associated with iron mishandling in a mutant ferritin causing neurodegeneration.
Mlkl knockout mice demonstrate the indispensable role of Mlkl in necroptosis.
Up-regulation of 12(S)-lipoxygenase induces a migratory phenotype in colorectal cancer cells.
Ehrlichia chaffeensis replication sites in adult Drosophila melanogaster.
PRMT8, a new membrane-bound tissue-specific member of the protein arginine methyltransferase family.
ERBIN: a basolateral PDZ protein that interacts with the mammalian ERBB2/HER2 receptor.
SGEF, a RhoG guanine nucleotide exchange factor that stimulates macropinocytosis.
Regulation of plant cytosolic aldolase functions by redox-modifications.
Fate of the 6K membrane protein of Semliki Forest virus during virus assembly.
Impaired elastic-fiber assembly by fibroblasts from patients with either Morquio B disease or infantile GM1-gangliosidosis is linked to deficiency in the 67-kD spliced variant of beta-galactosidase.
N-Myristoylation is essential for protein phosphatases PPM1A and PPM1B to dephosphorylate their physiological substrates in cells.
A placenta-specific receptor for the fusogenic, endogenous retrovirus-derived, human syncytin-2.
X-linked thrombophilia with a mutant factor IX (factor IX Padua).
Sequence determinants for the reaction specificity of murine (12R)-lipoxygenase: targeted substrate modification and site-directed mutagenesis.
The Lowe syndrome protein OCRL1 is involved in primary cilia assembly.
Caveolin-3 and SAP97 form a scaffolding protein complex that regulates the voltage-gated potassium channel Kv1.5.
p110, a novel human U6 snRNP protein and U4/U6 snRNP recycling factor.
Properties of the two common electrophoretic variants of phosphoglucomutase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Kinetic and mutation analyses of aspartate kinase from Thermus flavus.
Protein kinase C zeta plays a central role in activation of the p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase by endotoxin in alveolar macrophages.
LOS2, a genetic locus required for cold-responsive gene transcription encodes a bi-functional enolase.
Myosin IIIa boosts elongation of stereocilia by transporting espin 1 to the plus ends of actin filaments.
Regulatory interaction of PRL1 WD protein with Arabidopsis SNF1-like protein kinases.
BSTA promotes mTORC2-mediated phosphorylation of Akt1 to suppress expression of FoxC2 and stimulate adipocyte differentiation.
DC-SIGN and DC-SIGNR interact with the glycoprotein of Marburg virus and the S protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus.
Studies on the regulation of the human E1 subunit of the 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase complex, including the identification of a novel calcium-binding site.
Formation of the male-specific muscle in female Drosophila by ectopic fruitless expression.
Differential expression of a novel ankyrin containing E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase, Hace1, in sporadic Wilms' tumor versus normal kidney.
Dual-substrate specificity short chain retinol dehydrogenases from the vertebrate retina.
Direct integrin binding to insulin-like growth factor-2 through the C-domain is required for insulin-like growth factor receptor type 1 (IGF1R) signaling.
The LIM protein Ajuba is recruited to cadherin-dependent cell junctions through an association with alpha-catenin.
Double-stranded RNA deaminase ADAR1 increases host susceptibility to virus infection.
Diverging regulation of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform gene expression in cultured human muscle cells.
EFEMP1 binds the EGF receptor and activates MAPK and Akt pathways in pancreatic carcinoma cells.
Polycystin-L is a calcium-regulated cation channel permeable to calcium ions.
Secretion of Wnt ligands requires Evi, a conserved transmembrane protein.
The liprin protein SYD-2 regulates the differentiation of presynaptic termini in C. elegans.
Histone H3 phosphorylation can promote TBP recruitment through distinct promoter-specific mechanisms.
The Arf GAP Asap promotes Arf1 function at the Golgi for cleavage furrow biosynthesis in Drosophila.
Arabidopsis H+-PPase AVP1 regulates auxin-mediated organ development.
α-Catenin phosphorylation promotes intercellular adhesion through a dual-kinase mechanism.
Discovery of novel peptide/receptor interactions: identification of PHM-27 as a potent agonist of the human calcitonin receptor.
Structural and biochemical characterization of human orphan DHRS10 reveals a novel cytosolic enzyme with steroid dehydrogenase activity.
E3 ubiquitin ligase that recognizes sugar chains.
Two modes of degradation of the tramtrack transcription factors by Siah homologues.
Rip2 participates in Bcl10 signaling and T-cell receptor-mediated NF-kappaB activation.
Hyaluronan- and RNA-binding deubiquitinating enzymes of USP17 family members associated with cell viability.
Crotalphine, a novel potent analgesic peptide from the venom of the South American rattlesnake Crotalus durissus terrificus.
Megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts protein 1 functionally cooperates with the TRPV4 cation channel to activate the response of astrocytes to osmotic stress: dysregulation by pathological mutations.
Human METTL20 is a mitochondrial lysine methyltransferase that targets the β subunit of electron transfer flavoprotein (ETFβ) and modulates its activity.
Dual transcriptional activator and repressor roles of TBX20 regulate adult cardiac structure and function.
Junction protein shrew-1 influences cell invasion and interacts with invasion-promoting protein CD147.
Oncogenic potential of the DNA replication licensing protein CDT1.
Synthesis and catabolism of gamma-hydroxybutyrate in SH-SY5Y human neuroblastoma cells: role of the aldo-keto reductase AKR7A2.
Notch inhibition of RAS signaling through MAP kinase phosphatase LIP-1 during C. elegans vulval development.
Cloning and expression of a cDNA for mouse prostaglandin E receptor EP3 subtype.
The Fas-FADD death domain complex structure unravels signalling by receptor clustering.
Cloning of a human type II phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase reveals a novel lipid kinase family.
MRG15, a novel chromodomain protein, is present in two distinct multiprotein complexes involved in transcriptional activation.
A novel Zinc finger protein, ZCCHC11, interacts with TIFA and modulates TLR signaling.
The formin family protein CaBni1p has a role in cell polarity control during both yeast and hyphal growth in Candida albicans.
Deficient human β-defensin 1 underlies male infertility associated with poor sperm motility and genital tract infection.
Multivalent Microtubule Recognition by Tubulin Tyrosine Ligase-like Family Glutamylases.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of a serine racemase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Functional expression and genomic structure of human N-acetylglucosamine-6-O-sulfotransferase that transfers sulfate to beta-N-acetylglucosamine at the nonreducing end of an N-acetyllactosamine sequence.
KIF14 and citron kinase act together to promote efficient cytokinesis.
C2cd3 is required for cilia formation and Hedgehog signaling in mouse.
Substrate specificity and gene expression of the amino-acid permeases in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
CDC2L5, a Cdk-like kinase with RS domain, interacts with the ASF/SF2-associated protein p32 and affects splicing in vivo.
Genetic analysis of the beta-lactamases of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium smegmatis and susceptibility to beta-lactam antibiotics.
Structural and functional characterization of the transforming growth factor-beta -induced Smad3/c-Jun transcriptional cooperativity.
Calsenilin enhances apoptosis by altering endoplasmic reticulum calcium signaling.
Structure of the immature dengue virus at low pH primes proteolytic maturation.
A novel K+ channel with unique localizations in mammalian brain: molecular cloning and characterization.
Proinflammatory activities of S100: proteins S100A8, S100A9, and S100A8/A9 induce neutrophil chemotaxis and adhesion.
RGC-32 increases p34CDC2 kinase activity and entry of aortic smooth muscle cells into S-phase.
Atomic model of human Rcd-1 reveals an armadillo-like-repeat protein with in vitro nucleic acid binding properties.
Plant succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase. Cloning, purification, localization in mitochondria, and regulation by adenine nucleotides.
VAMP-7 mediates vesicular transport from endosomes to lysosomes.
Sid2p, a spindle pole body kinase that regulates the onset of cytokinesis.
Phosphoinositide-AP-2 interactions required for targeting to plasma membrane clathrin-coated pits.
SDPR induces membrane curvature and functions in the formation of caveolae.
Neurolastin, a Dynamin Family GTPase, Regulates Excitatory Synapses and Spine Density.
An alternatively spliced isoform of PECAM-1 is expressed at high levels in human and murine tissues, and suggests a novel role for the C-terminus of PECAM-1 in cytoprotective signaling.
Role of conserved cysteines in the alphavirus E3 protein.
The C. elegans MELK ortholog PIG-1 regulates cell size asymmetry and daughter cell fate in asymmetric neuroblast divisions.
A point mutation in the N-terminal coiled-coil domain releases c-Fes tyrosine kinase activity and survival signaling in myeloid leukemia cells.
Sas3 is a histone acetyltransferase and requires a zinc finger motif.
breathless, a Drosophila FGF receptor homolog, is essential for migration of tracheal and specific midline glial cells.
The cytoplasmic adaptor protein Dok7 activates the receptor tyrosine kinase MuSK via dimerization.
The facilitatory actions of snake venom phospholipase A(2) neurotoxins at the neuromuscular junction are not mediated through voltage-gated K(+) channels.
A degradation signal located in the C-terminus of p21WAF1/CIP1 is a binding site for the C8 alpha-subunit of the 20S proteasome.
Mutations in Drosophila DP and E2F distinguish G1-S progression from an associated transcriptional program.
The human Myt1 kinase preferentially phosphorylates Cdc2 on threonine 14 and localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi complex.
Purification and characterization of the Escherichia coli exoribonuclease RNase R. Comparison with RNase II.
Structure of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis flavin dependent thymidylate synthase (MtbThyX) at 2.0A resolution.
Characterization of an aldolase-dehydrogenase complex that exhibits substrate channeling in the polychlorinated biphenyls degradation pathway.
High-resolution X-ray structure of isoaspartyl dipeptidase from Escherichia coli.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 is a critical downstream target of p53 in the induction of replicative senescence.
The Orphan G protein-coupled receptors GPR41 and GPR43 are activated by propionate and other short chain carboxylic acids.
LANCL2 is necessary for abscisic acid binding and signaling in human granulocytes and in rat insulinoma cells.
Omics-based approaches to methionine side chain elongation in Arabidopsis: characterization of the genes encoding methylthioalkylmalate isomerase and methylthioalkylmalate dehydrogenase.
Differential activation of the human farnesoid X receptor depends on the pattern of expressed isoforms and the bile acid pool composition.
Monitoring mRNA decapping activity.
Fusion genetic analysis of jasmonate-signalling mutants in Arabidopsis.
RECQL4, mutated in the Rothmund-Thomson and RAPADILINO syndromes, interacts with ubiquitin ligases UBR1 and UBR2 of the N-end rule pathway.
KNAT1 and ERECTA regulate inflorescence architecture in Arabidopsis.
Identification of 2'-phosphodiesterase, which plays a role in the 2-5A system regulated by interferon.
A conserved WD40 protein binds the Cajal body localization signal of scaRNP particles.
Protein phosphatase 5 mediates lipid metabolism through reciprocal control of glucocorticoid receptor and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ).
Pro-inflammatory secretory phospholipase A2 type IIA binds to integrins alphavbeta3 and alpha4beta1 and induces proliferation of monocytic cells in an integrin-dependent manner.
Protein kinase Mzeta is necessary and sufficient for LTP maintenance.
SynCAM, a synaptic adhesion molecule that drives synapse assembly.
Relish, a central factor in the control of humoral but not cellular immunity in Drosophila.
Expression of Human CTP synthetase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae reveals phosphorylation by protein kinase A.
Use of double-stranded RNA-mediated interference to determine the substrates of protein tyrosine kinases and phosphatases.
Characterization of CD1e, a third type of CD1 molecule expressed in dendritic cells.
Proteasome activity is required for anthrax lethal toxin to kill macrophages.
Structural basis for integration of GluD receptors within synaptic organizer complexes.
p21-activated kinase 1 phosphorylates the death agonist bad and protects cells from apoptosis.
Heat induces the splicing by IRE1 of a mRNA encoding a transcription factor involved in the unfolded protein response in Arabidopsis.
Keratin 17 expression in the hard epithelial context of the hair and nail, and its relevance for the pachyonychia congenita phenotype.
Candida albicans cell surface superoxide dismutases degrade host-derived reactive oxygen species to escape innate immune surveillance.
A novel calcium-independent phospholipase A2, cPLA2-gamma, that is prenylated and contains homology to cPLA2.
Structural basis for the activity of drugs that inhibit phosphodiesterases.
Regulated intracellular ligand transport and proteolysis control EGF signal activation in Drosophila.
Drosophila rhomboid-1 defines a family of putative intramembrane serine proteases.
A human vitamin B12 trafficking protein uses glutathione transferase activity for processing alkylcobalamins.
Isolation of the CXC chemokines ENA-78, GRO alpha and GRO gamma from tumor cells and leukocytes reveals NH2-terminal heterogeneity. Functional comparison of different natural isoforms.
Functional characterization of HLA-F and binding of HLA-F tetramers to ILT2 and ILT4 receptors.
Expression and function of epithelial anoctamins.
Restriction of foamy viruses by APOBEC cytidine deaminases.
Non-vesicular trafficking by a ceramide-1-phosphate transfer protein regulates eicosanoids.
New analogs of 2-methylene-19-nor-(20S)-1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 with conformationally restricted side chains: evaluation of biological activity and structural determination of VDR-bound conformations.
Fluorescence resonance energy transfer studies on the interaction between the lactate transporter MCT1 and CD147 provide information on the topology and stoichiometry of the complex in situ.
Basolateral localization of the Caenorhabditis elegans epidermal growth factor receptor in epithelial cells by the PDZ protein LIN-10.
Structural basis for substrate selectivity in human maltase-glucoamylase and sucrase-isomaltase N-terminal domains.
Ctp1 is a cell-cycle-regulated protein that functions with Mre11 complex to control double-strand break repair by homologous recombination.
Recognition of polyadenosine RNA by zinc finger proteins.
Hornerin is a component of the epidermal cornified cell envelopes.
The Caenorhabditis elegans cell death gene ced-4 encodes a novel protein and is expressed during the period of extensive programmed cell death.
Identification of protein N-terminal methyltransferases in yeast and humans.
Lysyl oxidase-like-2 (LOXL2) is a major isoform in chondrocytes and is critically required for differentiation.
Nps1/Sth1p, a component of an essential chromatin-remodeling complex of Saccharomyces cerevisiae, is required for the maximal expression of early meiotic genes.
The phosphoinositide-associated protein Rush hour regulates endosomal trafficking in Drosophila.
Discovery of the ergothioneine transporter.
Phosphorylation of chromosome core components may serve as axis marks for the status of chromosomal events during mammalian meiosis.
Identification, characterization, and crystal structure of the Omega class glutathione transferases.
Activation of the IkappaB kinase complex by TRAF6 requires a dimeric ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme complex and a unique polyubiquitin chain.
Identification of a novel transcriptional activator, BSAC, by a functional cloning to inhibit tumor necrosis factor-induced cell death.
Identification of sequences required for inhibition of oncogene-mediated transformation by pp32.
Integrin alpha8beta1 mediates adhesion to LAP-TGFbeta1.
Nuclear protein IK undergoes dynamic subcellular translocation and forms unique nuclear bodies during the cell cycle.
MASL1 induces erythroid differentiation in human erythropoietin-dependent CD34+ cells through the Raf/MEK/ERK pathway.
Stationary phase-associated protein expression in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: function of the mycobacterial alpha-crystallin homolog.
Novel proteins linking the actin cytoskeleton to the endocytic machinery in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Site-directed alterations in the ATP-binding domain of rho protein affect its activities as a termination factor.
Neuroendocrine differentiation factor, IA-1, is a transcriptional repressor and contains a specific DNA-binding domain: identification of consensus IA-1 binding sequence.
Conserved domains subserve novel mechanisms and functions in DKF-1, a Caenorhabditis elegans protein kinase D.
Characterization of a novel protein kinase D: Caenorhabditis elegans DKF-1 is activated by translocation-phosphorylation and regulates movement and growth in vivo.
Positive Allosteric Modulators of GluN2A-Containing NMDARs with Distinct Modes of Action and Impacts on Circuit Function.
Human and rat dipeptidyl peptidase III: biochemical and mass spectrometric arguments for similarities and differences.
Structural and functional characterization of human SGT and its interaction with Vpu of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Structural basis for the function of the ribosomal L7/12 stalk in factor binding and GTPase activation.
Comparative biological responses to human Sonic, Indian, and Desert hedgehog.
Enhancement of abscisic acid sensitivity and reduction of water consumption in Arabidopsis by combined inactivation of the protein phosphatases type 2C ABI1 and HAB1.
Cell surface expression of the ROMK (Kir 1.1) channel is regulated by the aldosterone-induced kinase, SGK-1, and protein kinase A.
Construction of kanamycin B overproducing strain by genetic engineering of Streptomyces tenebrarius.
FAPPs control Golgi-to-cell-surface membrane traffic by binding to ARF and PtdIns(4)P.
Functional reconstitution of the Salmonella typhimurium PhoQ histidine kinase sensor in proteoliposomes.
A large intergenic noncoding RNA induced by p53 mediates global gene repression in the p53 response.
A human Raf-responsive zinc-finger protein that binds to divergent sequences.
Structures of the human GTPase MMAA and vitamin B12-dependent methylmalonyl-CoA mutase and insight into their complex formation.
Characterization of mouse short-chain aldehyde reductase (SCALD), an enzyme regulated by sterol regulatory element-binding proteins.
The role of the vimentin intermediate filaments in rat 3Y1 cells elucidated by immunoelectron microscopy and computer-graphic reconstruction.
Biosynthesis of the Caenorhabditis elegans dauer pheromone.
The catecholamine release-inhibitory "catestatin" fragment of chromogranin a: naturally occurring human variants with different potencies for multiple chromaffin cell nicotinic cholinergic responses.
p21-activated kinase increases the calcium sensitivity of rat triton-skinned cardiac muscle fiber bundles via a mechanism potentially involving novel phosphorylation of troponin I.
Function of quaking in myelination: regulation of alternative splicing.
Complementation cloning of S2P, a gene encoding a putative metalloprotease required for intramembrane cleavage of SREBPs.
Leukotriene A4 hydrolase: selective abrogation of leukotriene B4 formation by mutation of aspartic acid 375.
Peripheral myelin modification in CMT1B correlates with MPZ gene mutations.
The mRNA cap structure stimulates rate of poly(A) removal and amplifies processivity of degradation.
Inner nuclear membrane protein LBR preferentially interacts with DNA secondary structures and nucleosomal linker.
A cytoplasmic region determines single-channel conductance in 5-HT3 receptors.
The IL-15R alpha chain signals through association with Syk in human B cells.
unc-83 encodes a novel component of the nuclear envelope and is essential for proper nuclear migration.
Earmuff restricts progenitor cell potential by attenuating the competence to respond to self-renewal factors.
Structural insights into the innate immune recognition specificities of L- and H-ficolins.
The germinal center kinase GCK-1 is a negative regulator of MAP kinase activation and apoptosis in the C. elegans germline.
ACTH-induced nucleocytoplasmic translocation of salt-inducible kinase. Implication in the protein kinase A-activated gene transcription in mouse adrenocortical tumor cells.
LKB1 is a master kinase that activates 13 kinases of the AMPK subfamily, including MARK/PAR-1.
Domain movements of elongation factor eEF2 and the eukaryotic 80S ribosome facilitate tRNA translocation.
A mitochondria-K+ channel axis is suppressed in cancer and its normalization promotes apoptosis and inhibits cancer growth.
Apg9p/Cvt7p is an integral membrane protein required for transport vesicle formation in the Cvt and autophagy pathways.
14-3-3epsilon inhibits MK5-mediated cell migration by disrupting F-actin polymerization.
JNK1-mediated phosphorylation of Bcl-2 regulates starvation-induced autophagy.
beta-arrestin-dependent endocytosis of proteinase-activated receptor 2 is required for intracellular targeting of activated ERK1/2.
Purification and NH2-terminal amino acid sequences of human and rat kidney fatty acid omega-hydroxylases.
The insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-dependent IGF binding protein-4 protease secreted by human fibroblasts is pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A.
G9a and Glp methylate lysine 373 in the tumor suppressor p53.
Bi-modal regulation of a formin by srGAP2.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa algC gene product participates in rhamnolipid biosynthesis.
Oxygen-independent coproporphyrinogen-III oxidase HemN from Escherichia coli.
SAP30L interacts with members of the Sin3A corepressor complex and targets Sin3A to the nucleolus.
The elongation factors Pandora/Spt6 and Foggy/Spt5 promote transcription in the zebrafish embryo.
Characterisation of PDZ-GEFs, a family of guanine nucleotide exchange factors specific for Rap1 and Rap2.
Tetanus and botulinum-B neurotoxins block neurotransmitter release by proteolytic cleavage of synaptobrevin.
Isolation and characterization of post-splicing lariat-intron complexes.
The Wnt co-receptors Lrp5 and Lrp6 are essential for gastrulation in mice.
The role of a novel p97/valosin-containing protein-interacting motif of gp78 in endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation.
Concerted peptide trimming by human ERAP1 and ERAP2 aminopeptidase complexes in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 regulates Sec16A at ER exit sites to allow ER-Golgi export.
A thioredoxin-like/β-propeller protein maintains the efficiency of light harvesting in Arabidopsis.
The innate immune sensor NLRC3 attenuates Toll-like receptor signaling via modification of the signaling adaptor TRAF6 and transcription factor NF-κB.
Molecular basis of leukocyte rolling on PSGL-1. Predominant role of core-2 O-glycans and of tyrosine sulfate residue 51.
The Tiam1 PDZ domain couples to Syndecan1 and promotes cell-matrix adhesion.
Cryptochrome 2 and phototropin 2 regulate resistance protein-mediated viral defense by negatively regulating an E3 ubiquitin ligase.
Absence of malonyl coenzyme A decarboxylase in mice increases cardiac glucose oxidation and protects the heart from ischemic injury.
Isolation and characterization of an alternatively spliced variant of transcription factor Islet-1.
A small protein that mediates the activation of a two-component system by another two-component system.
Insights into catalysis by a knotted TrmD tRNA methyltransferase.
Baculovirus-mediated expression and purification of human FMO3: catalytic, immunochemical, and structural characterization.
The transcript release factor PTRF augments ribosomal gene transcription by facilitating reinitiation of RNA polymerase I.
Structure of Sindbis virus core protein reveals a chymotrypsin-like serine proteinase and the organization of the virion.
Expression in E. coli and tissue distribution of the human homologue of the mouse Ke 6 gene, 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 8.
Prodomain-growth factor swapping in the structure of pro-TGF-β1.
Interchangeable but essential functions of SNX1 and SNX2 in the association of retromer with endosomes and the trafficking of mannose 6-phosphate receptors.
βCaMKII plays a nonenzymatic role in hippocampal synaptic plasticity and learning by targeting αCaMKII to synapses.
A role for actin, Cdc1p, and Myo2p in the inheritance of late Golgi elements in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Signal-peptide-mediated translocation is regulated by a p97-AIRAPL complex.
Positional cloning of the murine flavivirus resistance gene.
Phosphorylation of ACAP1 by Akt regulates the stimulation-dependent recycling of integrin beta1 to control cell migration.
Activation of the tumour suppressor kinase LKB1 by the STE20-like pseudokinase STRAD.
Structure-function analysis of human l-prostaglandin D synthase bound with fatty acid molecules.
Mechanism of activation of NDR (nuclear Dbf2-related) protein kinase by the hMOB1 protein.
Effect of Ebola virus proteins GP, NP and VP35 on VP40 VLP morphology.
Application of active and kinase-deficient kinome collection for identification of kinases regulating hedgehog signaling.
A keratin cytoskeletal protein regulates protein synthesis and epithelial cell growth.
Germline ETV6 mutations in familial thrombocytopenia and hematologic malignancy.
Essential role of the E3 ubiquitin ligase Cbl-b in T cell anergy induction.
Mutant mitochondrial thymidine kinase in mitochondrial DNA depletion myopathy.
Cryo-EM Structure of a Pre-catalytic Human Spliceosome Primed for Activation.
Structural basis for extracellular interactions between calcitonin receptor-like receptor and receptor activity-modifying protein 2 for adrenomedullin-specific binding.
A proposed role for the Polycomb group protein dRING in meiotic sister-chromatid cohesion.
The hepatitis C virus p7 protein forms an ion channel that is inhibited by long-alkyl-chain iminosugar derivatives.
APLF (C2orf13) is a novel human protein involved in the cellular response to chromosomal DNA strand breaks.
Functional analysis of human microtubule-based motor proteins, the kinesins and dyneins, in mitosis/cytokinesis using RNA interference.
The plant vacuolar sorting receptor AtELP is involved in transport of NH(2)-terminal propeptide-containing vacuolar proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Phosphorylation by Cdc28 activates the Cdc20-dependent activity of the anaphase-promoting complex.
The yeast poly(A)-binding protein Pab1p stimulates in vitro poly(A)-dependent and cap-dependent translation by distinct mechanisms.
alpha-Galactosidase A from Pseudomonas fluorescens subsp. cellulosa: cloning, high level expression and its role in galactomannan hydrolysis.
Aluminum as a specific inhibitor of plant TPC1 Ca2+ channels.
Mutation enhancement by DINB1, a mammalian homologue of the Escherichia coli mutagenesis protein dinB.
The Drosophila takeout gene is regulated by the somatic sex-determination pathway and affects male courtship behavior.
Basal cell adhesion molecule/lutheran protein. The receptor critical for sickle cell adhesion to laminin.
ATR/ATM-mediated phosphorylation of human Rad17 is required for genotoxic stress responses.
The human N-alpha-acetyltransferase 40 (hNaa40p/hNatD) is conserved from yeast and N-terminally acetylates histones H2A and H4.
Membrane repair defects in muscular dystrophy are linked to altered interaction between MG53, caveolin-3, and dysferlin.
The Golgi apparatus acts as a platform for TBK1 activation after viral RNA sensing.
Pollen tube growth and guidance is regulated by POP2, an Arabidopsis gene that controls GABA levels.
D-xylose metabolism in Hypocrea jecorina: loss of the xylitol dehydrogenase step can be partially compensated for by lad1-encoded L-arabinitol-4-dehydrogenase.
Physical interaction of RECQ5 helicase with RAD51 facilitates its anti-recombinase activity.
Orientation and cellular distribution of membrane-bound catechol-O-methyltransferase in cortical neurons: implications for drug development.
The role of human TFIIB in transcription start site selection in vitro and in vivo.
RSUME enhances glucocorticoid receptor SUMOylation and transcriptional activity.
Fcp1-dependent dephosphorylation is required for M-phase-promoting factor inactivation at mitosis exit.
A RING-H2 finger motif is essential for the function of Der3/Hrd1 in endoplasmic reticulum associated protein degradation in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Mechanisms of NO/cGMP-dependent vasorelaxation.
Phosphorylation by CK2 and MAPK enhances calnexin association with ribosomes.
Two distinct Vps34 phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase complexes function in autophagy and carboxypeptidase Y sorting in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A novel RNA polymerase II-containing complex potentiates Tat-enhanced HIV-1 transcription.
Regulation of hyaluronidase activity by alternative mRNA splicing.
Mitotic spindle regulation by Nde1 controls cerebral cortical size.
The zinc-binding site of a class I aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase is a SWIM domain that modulates amino acid binding via the tRNA acceptor arm.
Molecular cloning, functional characterization and genomic organization of four alternatively spliced isoforms of the human organic cation transporter 1 (hOCT1/SLC22A1).
A coat protein on phagosomes involved in the intracellular survival of mycobacteria.
Human Apg3p/Aut1p homologue is an authentic E2 enzyme for multiple substrates, GATE-16, GABARAP, and MAP-LC3, and facilitates the conjugation of hApg12p to hApg5p.
A complex of LIN-5 and GPR proteins regulates G protein signaling and spindle function in C elegans.
Biallelic mutations in the 3' exonuclease TOE1 cause pontocerebellar hypoplasia and uncover a role in snRNA processing.
The CMRF-35H gene structure predicts for an independently expressed member of an ITIM/ITAM pair of molecules localized to human chromosome 17.
SCF(Cyclin F) controls centrosome homeostasis and mitotic fidelity through CP110 degradation.
The C. elegans par-4 gene encodes a putative serine-threonine kinase required for establishing embryonic asymmetry.
The SRm160/300 splicing coactivator is required for exon-enhancer function.
A Novel Mutation in RPL10 (Ribosomal Protein L10) Causes X-Linked Intellectual Disability, Cerebellar Hypoplasia, and Spondylo-Epiphyseal Dysplasia.
Molecular and functional characterization of acid-sensing ion channel (ASIC) 1b.
Reversible skeletal abnormalities in gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase-deficient mice.
Transport of the dopamine D2 agonist pramipexole by rat organic cation transporters OCT1 and OCT2 in kidney.
Asymmetric distribution of phosphatidylethanolamine in C. albicans: possible mediation by CDR1, a multidrug transporter belonging to ATP binding cassette (ABC) superfamily.
The Traf2- and Nck-interacting kinase as a putative effector of Rap2 to regulate actin cytoskeleton.
Inhibition of human ether à go-go potassium channels by Ca(2+)/calmodulin.
The large form of human 2',5'-Oligoadenylate Synthetase (OAS3) exerts antiviral effect against Chikungunya virus.
DAL-1/4.1B tumor suppressor interacts with protein arginine N-methyltransferase 3 (PRMT3) and inhibits its ability to methylate substrates in vitro and in vivo.
A mutation of the mitochondrial ABC transporter Sta1 leads to dwarfism and chlorosis in the Arabidopsis mutant starik.
Targeted disruption of semaphorin 3C leads to persistent truncus arteriosus and aortic arch interruption.
Novel Notch alleles reveal a Deltex-dependent pathway repressing neural fate.
Identification and characterization of CKLiK, a novel granulocyte Ca(++)/calmodulin-dependent kinase.
Identification of renox, an NAD(P)H oxidase in kidney.
Human erythrocyte thiopurine methyltransferase: radiochemical microassay and biochemical properties.
The Drosophila seven-up gene, a member of the steroid receptor gene superfamily, controls photoreceptor cell fates.
A Cullin1-based SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase targets the InR/PI3K/TOR pathway to regulate neuronal pruning.
Identification of a novel gene, DZIP (DAZ-interacting protein), that encodes a protein that interacts with DAZ (deleted in azoospermia) and is expressed in embryonic stem cells and germ cells.
The Arabidopsis dwarf1 mutant is defective in the conversion of 24-methylenecholesterol to campesterol in brassinosteroid biosynthesis.
Stk10, a new member of the polo-like kinase kinase family highly expressed in hematopoietic tissue.
Viral protein suppresses oxidative burst and salicylic acid-dependent autophagy and facilitates bacterial growth on virus-infected plants.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored high-density lipoprotein-binding protein 1 plays a critical role in the lipolytic processing of chylomicrons.
Molecular dissection of cytokinesis by RNA interference in Drosophila cultured cells.
A series of no isthmus (noi) alleles of the zebrafish pax2.1 gene reveals multiple signaling events in development of the midbrain-hindbrain boundary.
Physiological roles of the beta-substituted alanine synthase gene family in Arabidopsis.
EARLY FLOWERING 4 functions in phytochrome B-regulated seedling de-etiolation.
Retention of supraspinal delta-like analgesia and loss of morphine tolerance in delta opioid receptor knockout mice.
Role of Deltex-1 as a transcriptional regulator downstream of the Notch receptor.
The membrane-type collectin CL-P1 is a scavenger receptor on vascular endothelial cells.
EH3 (ABHD9): the first member of a new epoxide hydrolase family with high activity for fatty acid epoxides.
Mammalian end binding proteins control persistent microtubule growth.
The EPIP peptide of INFLORESCENCE DEFICIENT IN ABSCISSION is sufficient to induce abscission in arabidopsis through the receptor-like kinases HAESA and HAESA-LIKE2.
Ablation of TRIP-Br2, a regulator of fat lipolysis, thermogenesis and oxidative metabolism, prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Molecular architecture and assembly of the DDB1-CUL4A ubiquitin ligase machinery.
Reciprocal granzyme/perforin-mediated death of human regulatory and responder T cells is regulated by interleukin-2 (IL-2).
Identification and characterization of a novel alpha-kinase with a von Willebrand factor A-like motif localized to the contractile vacuole and Golgi complex in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Structure of human POFUT1, its requirement in ligand-independent oncogenic Notch signaling, and functional effects of Dowling-Degos mutations.
JMJD2A is a novel N-CoR-interacting protein and is involved in repression of the human transcription factor achaete scute-like homologue 2 (ASCL2/Hash2).
Phenotypic analyses of Arabidopsis T-DNA insertion lines and expression profiling reveal that multiple L-type lectin receptor kinases are involved in plant immunity.
The PIDDosome, a protein complex implicated in activation of caspase-2 in response to genotoxic stress.
A developmentally regulated Na-H exchanger in Dictyostelium discoideum is necessary for cell polarity during chemotaxis.
Serine/threonine kinase 17A is a novel p53 target gene and modulator of cisplatin toxicity and reactive oxygen species in testicular cancer cells.
Quantitative proteomics of the tonoplast reveals a role for glycolytic enzymes in salt tolerance.
Phosphorylation of stem-loop binding protein (SLBP) on two threonines triggers degradation of SLBP, the sole cell cycle-regulated factor required for regulation of histone mRNA processing, at the end of S phase.
Mechanosensory signalling in C. elegans mediated by the GLR-1 glutamate receptor.
CLOCKWORK ORANGE Enhances PERIOD Mediated Rhythms in Transcriptional Repression by Antagonizing E-box Binding by CLOCK-CYCLE.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of B-cell adaptor for phosphoinositide 3-kinase is required for Akt activation in response to CD19 engagement.
TORC1 and TORC2 coactivators are required for tax activation of the human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 long terminal repeats.
Similar effects of all WNK3 variants on SLC12 cotransporters.
Molecular analysis of a mutated FSH receptor detected in a patient with spontaneous ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome.
The ribosomal protein L10/QM-like protein is a component of the NIK-mediated antiviral signaling.
Activating signal cointegrator 1, a novel transcription coactivator of nuclear receptors, and its cytosolic localization under conditions of serum deprivation.
The proline-rich N-terminal sequence of calcineurin Abeta determines substrate binding.
Notch-modifying xylosyltransferase structures support an SNi-like retaining mechanism.
OSBP is a cholesterol-regulated scaffolding protein in control of ERK 1/2 activation.
The Drosophila EcR gene encodes an ecdysone receptor, a new member of the steroid receptor superfamily.
The ERK MAP kinase cascade mediates tail swelling and a protective response to rectal infection in C. elegans.
Ephrin-A1 stimulates migration of CD8+CCR7+ T lymphocytes.
Caspase-activated PAK-2 is regulated by subcellular targeting and proteasomal degradation.
Expression of human fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase in the liver of transgenic mice results in increased glycerol gluconeogenesis.
Interaction of the peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor and retinoid X receptor.
Suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 negatively regulates Toll-like receptor signaling by mediating Mal degradation.
The Unc93b1 mutation 3d disrupts exogenous antigen presentation and signaling via Toll-like receptors 3, 7 and 9.
Identification of carboxypeptidase of glutamate like-B as a candidate suppressor in cell growth and metastasis in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
EYS, encoding an ortholog of Drosophila spacemaker, is mutated in autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa.
Immune-responsive gene 1 is a novel target of progesterone receptor and plays a critical role during implantation in the mouse.
S100B interaction with the receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE): a novel receptor-mediated mechanism for myocyte apoptosis postinfarction.
Arabidopsis Lectin Receptor Kinases LecRK-IX.1 and LecRK-IX.2 Are Functional Analogs in Regulating Phytophthora Resistance and Plant Cell Death.
HAG2/MYB76 and HAG3/MYB29 exert a specific and coordinated control on the regulation of aliphatic glucosinolate biosynthesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The characterization of human adenylate kinases 7 and 8 demonstrates differences in kinetic parameters and structural organization among the family of adenylate kinase isoenzymes.
crRNA and tracrRNA guide Cas9-mediated DNA interference in Streptococcus thermophilus.
Phosphorylation of CREB Ser142 regulates light-induced phase shifts of the circadian clock.
OS-9 and GRP94 deliver mutant alpha1-antitrypsin to the Hrd1-SEL1L ubiquitin ligase complex for ERAD.
Cloning and characterization of a bifunctional RelA/SpoT homologue from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Plant retinoblastoma homologues control nuclear proliferation in the female gametophyte.
Deletion of the intestinal peptide transporter affects insulin and TOR signaling in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification of a co-activator that links growth factor signalling to c-Jun/AP-1 activation.
Characterization of phosphotyrosine binding motifs in the cytoplasmic domain of B and T lymphocyte attenuator required for association with protein tyrosine phosphatases SHP-1 and SHP-2.
Maintenance of silent chromatin through replication requires SWI/SNF-like chromatin remodeler SMARCAD1.
Structural determinants of vascular endothelial growth factor-D receptor binding and specificity.
RIN1 is an ABL tyrosine kinase activator and a regulator of epithelial-cell adhesion and migration.
Net, a negative Ras-switchable TCF, contains a second inhibition domain, the CID, that mediates repression through interactions with CtBP and de-acetylation.
Mutations in DSTYK and dominant urinary tract malformations.
Insights into Lafora disease: malin is an E3 ubiquitin ligase that ubiquitinates and promotes the degradation of laforin.
Role of NaOH-extractable cell wall proteins Ccw5p, Ccw6p, Ccw7p and Ccw8p (members of the Pir protein family) in stability of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell wall.
Rab10 regulates membrane transport through early endosomes of polarized Madin-Darby canine kidney cells.
Feedback regulation of transcriptional termination by the mammalian circadian clock PERIOD complex.
Functional Selectivity in Cytokine Signaling Revealed Through a Pathogenic EPO Mutation.
Stimulation of the AMP-activated protein kinase leads to activation of eukaryotic elongation factor 2 kinase and to its phosphorylation at a novel site, serine 398.
Regulation of Raf-1 by direct feedback phosphorylation.
Integrators of the cytoskeleton that stabilize microtubules.
mCRY1 and mCRY2 are essential components of the negative limb of the circadian clock feedback loop.
Atrophin-1, the dentato-rubral and pallido-luysian atrophy gene product, interacts with ETO/MTG8 in the nuclear matrix and represses transcription.
The jasmonate-free rice mutant hebiba is affected in the response of phyA'/phyA" pools and protochlorophyllide biosynthesis to far-red light.
Identification of active site residues in the "GyrA" half of yeast DNA topoisomerase II.
Mg2+-dependent gating and strong inward rectification of the cation channel TRPV6.
Identification of a human decapping complex associated with hUpf proteins in nonsense-mediated decay.
Inducible proteolytic inactivation of OPA1 mediated by the OMA1 protease in mammalian cells.
Apollo contributes to G overhang maintenance and protects leading-end telomeres.
Regulation of OPA1 processing and mitochondrial fusion by m-AAA protease isoenzymes and OMA1.
Proteomic analyses of the two mucus layers of the colon barrier reveal that their main component, the Muc2 mucin, is strongly bound to the Fcgbp protein.
Autogenous control of the S10 ribosomal protein operon of Escherichia coli: genetic dissection of transcriptional and posttranscriptional regulation.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae Lipin homolog is a Mg2+-dependent phosphatidate phosphatase enzyme.
Structural basis for targeting HIV-1 Gag proteins to the plasma membrane for virus assembly.
Extracellular serine protease neuropsin (KLK8) modulates neurite outgrowth and fasciculation of mouse hippocampal neurons in culture.
Long-distance movement and replication maintenance functions correlate with silencing suppression activity of potyviral HC-Pro.
The RD114/simian type D retrovirus receptor is a neutral amino acid transporter.
Human PEX19: cDNA cloning by functional complementation, mutation analysis in a patient with Zellweger syndrome, and potential role in peroxisomal membrane assembly.
Arsenate reductase from S. aureus plasmid pI258 is a phosphatase drafted for redox duty.
A novel human hepatic organic anion transporting polypeptide (OATP2). Identification of a liver-specific human organic anion transporting polypeptide and identification of rat and human hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitor transporters.
Functions of the alpha, beta, and gamma subunits of UDP-GlcNAc:lysosomal enzyme N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase.
Sequence variation in the ATP-binding domain of the Wilson disease transporter, ATP7B, affects copper transport in a yeast model system.
Cleavage of atrophin-1 at caspase site aspartic acid 109 modulates cytotoxicity.
Molecular determinants of the estrogen receptor-coactivator interface.
The human DNA ligase III gene encodes nuclear and mitochondrial proteins.
LDL receptor-related proteins in neurodevelopment.
Asymmetric microtubule function is an essential requirement for polarized organization of the Drosophila bristle.
Genes required for mycobacterial growth defined by high density mutagenesis.
Lack of acrosome formation in mice lacking a Golgi protein, GOPC.
The TDRD9-MIWI2 complex is essential for piRNA-mediated retrotransposon silencing in the mouse male germline.
Myo9b is a key player in SLIT/ROBO-mediated lung tumor suppression.
GASSHO1 and GASSHO2 encoding a putative leucine-rich repeat transmembrane-type receptor kinase are essential for the normal development of the epidermal surface in Arabidopsis embryos.
Identification and characterization of VPO1, a new animal heme-containing peroxidase.
Genomic structure of the mouse 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase gene family.
Identification of a novel isoform of ZAP-70, truncated ZAP kinase.
The extracellular death factor: physiological and genetic factors influencing its production and response in Escherichia coli.
Double bromodomain protein BET-1 and MYST HATs establish and maintain stable cell fates in C. elegans.
Novel regulators of bone formation: molecular clones and activities.
Absence of erythroblast macrophage protein (Emp) leads to failure of erythroblast nuclear extrusion.
Cloning, expression, and chromosomal localization to 11p12-13 of a human LIM/HOMEOBOX gene, hLim-1.
Ikaros DNA-binding proteins direct formation of chromatin remodeling complexes in lymphocytes.
Molecular basis for negative regulation of the glucagon receptor.
PKR acts early in infection to suppress Semliki Forest virus production and strongly enhances the type I interferon response.
Whole exome sequencing of insulinoma reveals recurrent T372R mutations in YY1.
Targeted disruption of vinculin genes in F9 and embryonic stem cells changes cell morphology, adhesion, and locomotion.
Endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule 1: direct expression cloning and functional interactions.
Chlamydomonas IFT88 and its mouse homologue, polycystic kidney disease gene tg737, are required for assembly of cilia and flagella.
Mouse TEX14 is required for embryonic germ cell intercellular bridges but not female fertility.
Afadin: A key molecule essential for structural organization of cell-cell junctions of polarized epithelia during embryogenesis.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of a human homologue of centaurin-alpha.
TLR4 mutations are associated with endotoxin hyporesponsiveness in humans.
Identification of peptide substrate and small molecule inhibitors of testis-specific serine/threonine kinase1 (TSSK1) by the developed assays.
The role of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in vasculogenesis, angiogenesis, and hematopoiesis in zebrafish development.
Characterization of the Shank family of synaptic proteins. Multiple genes, alternative splicing, and differential expression in brain and development.
Distinct iron-sulfur cluster assembly complexes exist in the cytosol and mitochondria of human cells.
FIH-1 is an asparaginyl hydroxylase enzyme that regulates the transcriptional activity of hypoxia-inducible factor.
Identification of human PMP34 as a peroxisomal ATP transporter.
JNK1 phosphorylation of SCG10 determines microtubule dynamics and axodendritic length.
The 65 and 110 kDa SR-related proteins of the U4/U6.U5 tri-snRNP are essential for the assembly of mature spliceosomes.
Dnmt3a binds deacetylases and is recruited by a sequence-specific repressor to silence transcription.
Functional characterization of the human dendritic cell immunodeficiency associated with the IRF8(K108E) mutation.
Three new isoforms of Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-89 containing MLCK-like protein kinase domains.
ZXDC, a novel zinc finger protein that binds CIITA and activates MHC gene transcription.
NIR is a novel INHAT repressor that modulates the transcriptional activity of p53.
Alternative-splicing in the exon-10 region of GABA(A) receptor beta(2) subunit gene: relationships between novel isoforms and psychotic disorders.
The minibrain kinase homolog, mbk-2, is required for spindle positioning and asymmetric cell division in early C. elegans embryos.
A novel mechanism for the transcriptional regulation of Wnt signaling in development.
A critical role for histone H2AX in recruitment of repair factors to nuclear foci after DNA damage.
A phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase class III sub-complex containing VPS15, VPS34, Beclin 1, UVRAG and BIF-1 regulates cytokinesis and degradative endocytic traffic.
Profiling of adhesive properties of the agglutinin-like sequence (ALS) protein family, a virulent attribute of Candida albicans.
Genomic organization of core 2 and I branching beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferases. Implication for evolution of the beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase gene family.
Modifier variant of METTL13 suppresses human GAB1-associated profound deafness.
Nuclear import of exogenous FGF1 requires the ER-protein LRRC59 and the importins Kpnα1 and Kpnβ1.
The twenty-nine amino acid C-terminal cytoplasmic domain of poliovirus 3AB is critical for nucleic acid chaperone activity.
Structural insights into WHAMM-mediated cytoskeletal coordination during membrane remodeling.
Structure of the human 80S ribosome.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of the human sodium channel beta1B subunit, a novel splicing variant of the beta1 subunit.
Immune responsive gene 1 (IRG1) promotes endotoxin tolerance by increasing A20 expression in macrophages through reactive oxygen species.
Loss of the retrograde motor for IFT disrupts localization of Smo to cilia and prevents the expression of both activator and repressor functions of Gli.
A Drosophila gene that is homologous to a mammalian gene associated with tumor metastasis codes for a nucleoside diphosphate kinase.
Mitochondrial fusion in human cells is efficient, requires the inner membrane potential, and is mediated by mitofusins.
ASC is essential for LPS-induced activation of procaspase-1 independently of TLR-associated signal adaptor molecules.
Differential agonist sensitivity of glycine receptor alpha2 subunit splice variants.
TM0416, a Hyperthermophilic Promiscuous Nonphosphorylated Sugar Isomerase, Catalyzes Various C<sub>5</sub> and C<sub>6</sub> Epimerization Reactions.
Altered state dependence of c-type inactivation in the long and short forms of human Kv1.5.
TLR2 and its co-receptors determine responses of macrophages and dendritic cells to lipoproteins of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Molecular basis for the impaired function of the natural F112L sorcin mutant: X-ray crystal structure, calcium affinity, and interaction with annexin VII and the ryanodine receptor.
A calmodulin-binding/CGCG box DNA-binding protein family involved in multiple signaling pathways in plants.
WW domain-containing protein YAP associates with ErbB-4 and acts as a co-transcriptional activator for the carboxyl-terminal fragment of ErbB-4 that translocates to the nucleus.
The fate of dsRNA in the nucleus: a p54(nrb)-containing complex mediates the nuclear retention of promiscuously A-to-I edited RNAs.
Structural basis of gene regulation by the Grainyhead/CP2 transcription factor family.
Identification and characterization of a novel human histone H3 lysine 36-specific methyltransferase.
Neuroligins determine synapse maturation and function.
Characterization and chromosomal mapping of the gene encoding the cellular DNA binding protein ILF.
Variant tricarboxylic acid cycle in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: identification of alpha-ketoglutarate decarboxylase.
Cell-cycle regulation, intracellular sorting and induced overexpression of the human NTH1 DNA glycosylase involved in removal of formamidopyrimidine residues from DNA.
The ihog cell-surface proteins bind Hedgehog and mediate pathway activation.
The gene for familial Mediterranean fever, MEFV, is expressed in early leukocyte development and is regulated in response to inflammatory mediators.
Initiation of O-glycan synthesis in IgA1 hinge region is determined by a single enzyme, UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 2.
RED, a spindle pole-associated protein, is required for kinetochore localization of MAD1, mitotic progression, and activation of the spindle assembly checkpoint.
Positional information and mobile transcriptional regulators determine cell pattern in the Arabidopsis root epidermis.
Poxviral B1 kinase overcomes barrier to autointegration factor, a host defense against virus replication.
Characterization of the human HSC20, an unusual DnaJ type III protein, involved in iron-sulfur cluster biogenesis.
Human neutrophil azurocidin synergizes with leukocyte elastase and cathepsin G in the killing of Capnocytophaga sputigena.
Sprouty proteins are targeted to membrane ruffles upon growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase activation. Identification of a novel translocation domain.
SLAM (CDw150) is a cellular receptor for measles virus.
The dominant alopecia phenotypes Bareskin, Rex-denuded, and Reduced Coat 2 are caused by mutations in gasdermin 3.
Activin signaling through type IB activin receptor stimulates aromatase activity in the ovarian granulosa cell-like human granulosa (KGN) cells.
Cys-27 variant of human δ-opioid receptor modulates maturation and cell surface delivery of Phe-27 variant via heteromerization.
Sorting nexin 17 accelerates internalization yet retards degradation of P-selectin.
Cross talk between signaling and vitamin A transport by the retinol-binding protein receptor STRA6.
Loss of phosphatase activity in myotubularin-related protein 2 is associated with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B1.
Caspase-activated phosphoinositide binding by CNT-1 promotes apoptosis by inhibiting the AKT pathway.
cGMP-dependent protein kinase phosphorylates and inactivates RhoA.
Elimination of epiplakin by gene targeting results in acceleration of keratinocyte migration in mice.
Stu2 promotes mitotic spindle elongation in anaphase.
Sensory deficits in mice hypomorphic for a mammalian homologue of unc-53.
The autophagy machinery is required to initiate hepatitis C virus replication.
Functional interactions of Prp8 with both splice sites at the spliceosomal catalytic center.
New role for hPar-1 kinases EMK and C-TAK1 in regulating localization and activity of class IIa histone deacetylases.
bag-of-marbles: a Drosophila gene required to initiate both male and female gametogenesis.
Identification of protease 3.4.24.11 as the major atrial natriuretic factor degrading enzyme in the rat kidney.
Binding of human nucleotide exchange factors to heat shock protein 70 (Hsp70) generates functionally distinct complexes in vitro.
Auxin-responsive gene expression: genes, promoters and regulatory factors.
Potential molecular mechanism for rodent tumorigenesis: mutational generation of Progression Elevated Gene-3 (PEG-3).
Genetic basis for natural variation in seed vitamin E levels in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Structures of the Human HCN1 Hyperpolarization-Activated Channel.
Characterization of human ribosomal protein S3 binding to 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoguanine and abasic sites by surface plasmon resonance.
A novel member of the Ig superfamily, turtle, is a CNS-specific protein required for coordinated motor control.
Analysis of the Arabidopsis O-acetylserine(thiol)lyase gene family demonstrates compartment-specific differences in the regulation of cysteine synthesis.
Mechanisms that control knox gene expression in the Arabidopsis shoot.
Windbeutel is required for function and correct subcellular localization of the Drosophila patterning protein Pipe.
Homeobox gene Nkx6.1 lies downstream of Nkx2.2 in the major pathway of beta-cell formation in the pancreas.
A dynamic role of HAUSP in the p53-Mdm2 pathway.
Molecular cloning and characterization of PELP1, a novel human coregulator of estrogen receptor alpha.
Crystal structure of an inactive duck delta II crystallin mutant with bound argininosuccinate.
Megalin-dependent cubilin-mediated endocytosis is a major pathway for the apical uptake of transferrin in polarized epithelia.
Two novel LEM-domain proteins are splice products of the annotated Drosophila melanogaster gene CG9424 (Bocksbeutel).
RNF4 is a poly-SUMO-specific E3 ubiquitin ligase required for arsenic-induced PML degradation.
A postgermination developmental arrest checkpoint is mediated by abscisic acid and requires the ABI5 transcription factor in Arabidopsis.
The delayed leaf senescence mutants of Arabidopsis, ore1, ore3, and ore9 are tolerant to oxidative stress.
Stomatal patterning and differentiation by synergistic interactions of receptor kinases.
Molecular characterization of the human Calpha-formylglycine-generating enzyme.
Oligomerization of mu- and delta-opioid receptors. Generation of novel functional properties.
Induction of the mammalian node requires Arkadia function in the extraembryonic lineages.
UNC-83 is a nuclear-specific cargo adaptor for kinesin-1-mediated nuclear migration.
Genetic analysis of incurvata mutants reveals three independent genetic operations at work in Arabidopsis leaf morphogenesis.
Involvement of putative SNF2 chromatin remodeling protein DRD1 in RNA-directed DNA methylation.
Hippi is essential for node cilia assembly and Sonic hedgehog signaling.
SEMA3A deletion in a family with Kallmann syndrome validates the role of semaphorin 3A in human puberty and olfactory system development.
A receptor-like kinase from Arabidopsis thaliana is a calmodulin-binding protein.
LINGO-1 is a component of the Nogo-66 receptor/p75 signaling complex.
The RING finger protein SNURF is a bifunctional protein possessing DNA binding activity.
Prosaposin: a myelinotrophic protein that promotes expression of myelin constituents and is secreted after nerve injury.
Inactivation of a histone methyltransferase by mutations in human cancers.
Topological analysis of Niemann-Pick C1 protein reveals that the membrane orientation of the putative sterol-sensing domain is identical to those of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase and sterol regulatory element binding protein cleavage-activating protein.
Shed GP of Ebola virus triggers immune activation and increased vascular permeability.
LEAP-1, a novel highly disulfide-bonded human peptide, exhibits antimicrobial activity.
Extremely efficient cleavage of eIF4G by picornaviral proteinases L and 2A in vitro.
Wilms tumor suppressor WTX negatively regulates WNT/beta-catenin signaling.
Thorax closure in Drosophila: involvement of Fos and the JNK pathway.
Differential expression of a chloride intracellular channel gene, CLIC4, in transforming growth factor-beta1-mediated conversion of fibroblasts to myofibroblasts.
Poly(ADP-ribose)-dependent regulation of DNA repair by the chromatin remodeling enzyme ALC1.
Yeast DNA damage-inducible Rnr3 has a very low catalytic activity strongly stimulated after the formation of a cross-talking Rnr1/Rnr3 complex.
Requirement of Rsk-2 for epidermal growth factor-activated phosphorylation of histone H3.
Signaling from Rho to the actin cytoskeleton through protein kinases ROCK and LIM-kinase.
Structure of the Mad2 spindle assembly checkpoint protein and its interaction with Cdc20.
The MSG1 non-DNA-binding transactivator binds to the p300/CBP coactivators, enhancing their functional link to the Smad transcription factors.
Adipolin/C1qdc2/CTRP12 protein functions as an adipokine that improves glucose metabolism.
Orphan macrodomain protein (human C6orf130) is an O-acyl-ADP-ribose deacylase: solution structure and catalytic properties.
The B7 family member B7-H3 preferentially down-regulates T helper type 1-mediated immune responses.
Cep63 recruits Cdk1 to the centrosome: implications for regulation of mitotic entry, centrosome amplification, and genome maintenance.
Mutations in the nuclear bile acid receptor FXR cause progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis.
HAESA, an Arabidopsis leucine-rich repeat receptor kinase, controls floral organ abscission.
Identification and characterization of Arabidopsis gibberellin receptors.
Inhibition of T cell signaling by mitogen-activated protein kinase-targeted hematopoietic tyrosine phosphatase (HePTP).
APAF-1-ALT, a novel alternative splicing form of APAF-1, potentially causes impeded ability of undergoing DNA damage-induced apoptosis in the LNCaP human prostate cancer cell line.
Bundling of microtubules by motor and tail domains of a kinesin-like calmodulin-binding protein from Arabidopsis: regulation by Ca(2+)/Calmodulin.
A novel p53-inducible apoptogenic gene, PRG3, encodes a homologue of the apoptosis-inducing factor (AIF).
Lats2/Kpm is required for embryonic development, proliferation control and genomic integrity.
Novel inositol catabolic pathway in Thermotoga maritima.
Mutations in Bacillus subtilis glutamine synthetase that block its interaction with transcription factor TnrA.
EDS1, an essential component of R gene-mediated disease resistance in Arabidopsis has homology to eukaryotic lipases.
Isolation and expression of a cDNA clone encoding a bovine UDP-GalNAc:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase.
Deciphering the molecular bases of Mycobacterium tuberculosis binding to the lectin DC-SIGN reveals an underestimated complexity.
Dis3, implicated in mitotic control, binds directly to Ran and enhances the GEF activity of RCC1.
H2S as a physiologic vasorelaxant: hypertension in mice with deletion of cystathionine gamma-lyase.
Arabidopsis JACKDAW and MAGPIE zinc finger proteins delimit asymmetric cell division and stabilize tissue boundaries by restricting SHORT-ROOT action.
Cloning and characterization of the gene cluster for palatinose metabolism from the phytopathogenic bacterium Erwinia rhapontici.
Alternative splicing determines the intracellular localization of the novel nuclear protein Nop30 and its interaction with the splicing factor SRp30c.
RPK1 and TOAD2 are two receptor-like kinases redundantly required for arabidopsis embryonic pattern formation.
The IFN-inducible Golgi- and endoplasmic reticulum- associated 47-kDa GTPase IIGP is transiently expressed during listeriosis.
Characterization of the Alzheimer's disease-associated CLAC protein and identification of an amyloid beta-peptide-binding site.
Characterization of Novel Ribosome-Associated Endoribonuclease SLFN14 from Rabbit Reticulocytes.
Contrasting effects of IG20 and its splice isoforms, MADD and DENN-SV, on tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced apoptosis and activation of caspase-8 and -3.
Nucleotide sequence of murine purine nucleoside phosphorylase cDNA.
AP-1 and KIF13A coordinate endosomal sorting and positioning during melanosome biogenesis.
Isolation of protein-tyrosine phosphatase-like member-a variant from cementum.
Meis homeoproteins directly regulate Pax6 during vertebrate lens morphogenesis.
The Drosophila heterochromatic gene encoding poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) is required to modulate chromatin structure during development.
Infectious hepatitis C virus pseudo-particles containing functional E1-E2 envelope protein complexes.
YaeL (EcfE) activates the sigma(E) pathway of stress response through a site-2 cleavage of anti-sigma(E), RseA.
Cloning, characterisation and crystallisation of a diadenosine 5',5"'-P(1),P(4)-tetraphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Signaling by vitamin A and retinol-binding protein regulates gene expression to inhibit insulin responses.
Dec1 and Dec2 are regulators of the mammalian molecular clock.
The cytoplasmic domain of alphavirus E2 glycoprotein contains a short linear recognition signal required for viral budding.
A rescue factor abolishing neuronal cell death by a wide spectrum of familial Alzheimer's disease genes and Abeta.
Requirements for F-BAR proteins TOCA-1 and TOCA-2 in actin dynamics and membrane trafficking during Caenorhabditis elegans oocyte growth and embryonic epidermal morphogenesis.
hFOG-2, a novel zinc finger protein, binds the co-repressor mCtBP2 and modulates GATA-mediated activation.
The AGAMOUS-LIKE 20 MADS domain protein integrates floral inductive pathways in Arabidopsis.
HFR1 encodes an atypical bHLH protein that acts in phytochrome A signal transduction.
Complementary DNA characterization and chromosomal localization of a human gene related to the poliovirus receptor-encoding gene.
Mbx, a novel mouse homeobox gene.
Molecular basis for SH3 domain regulation of F-BAR-mediated membrane deformation.
Human POGZ modulates dissociation of HP1alpha from mitotic chromosome arms through Aurora B activation.
Isolation of a putative phospholipase C gene of Drosophila, norpA, and its role in phototransduction.
Rabip4' is an effector of rab5 and rab4 and regulates transport through early endosomes.
hMSH2-hMSH6 forms a hydrolysis-independent sliding clamp on mismatched DNA.
Molecular cloning of geranyl diphosphate synthase and compartmentation of monoterpene synthesis in plant cells.
Mechanism of proton transport by plant plasma membrane proton ATPases.
The photosystem II light-harvesting protein Lhcb3 affects the macrostructure of photosystem II and the rate of state transitions in Arabidopsis.
Crystal structure of crotoxin reveals key residues involved in the stability and toxicity of this potent heterodimeric β-neurotoxin.
Superoxide dismutases in Candida albicans: transcriptional regulation and functional characterization of the hyphal-induced SOD5 gene.
Structural analysis of the subunits of the trehalose-6-phosphate synthase/phosphatase complex in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and their function during heat shock.
Genome-wide screen identifies a novel p97/CDC-48-dependent pathway regulating ER-stress-induced gene transcription.
The heterodimeric structure of glucosidase II is required for its activity, solubility, and localization in vivo.
SOL-1 is a CUB-domain protein required for GLR-1 glutamate receptor function in C. elegans.
MYC recruits the TIP60 histone acetyltransferase complex to chromatin.
Second messenger signalling governs Escherichia coli biofilm induction upon ribosomal stress.
Gephyrin antisense oligonucleotides prevent glycine receptor clustering in spinal neurons.
A phosphoserine-regulated docking site in the protein kinase RSK2 that recruits and activates PDK1.
SH3 domain recognition of a proline-independent tyrosine-based RKxxYxxY motif in immune cell adaptor SKAP55.
Interactions of human NKG2D with its ligands MICA, MICB, and homologs of the mouse RAE-1 protein family.
GATAD2B loss-of-function mutations cause a recognisable syndrome with intellectual disability and are associated with learning deficits and synaptic undergrowth in Drosophila.
Vanin genes are clustered (human 6q22-24 and mouse 10A2B1) and encode isoforms of pantetheinase ectoenzymes.
Deletions and point mutations of LRRC50 cause primary ciliary dyskinesia due to dynein arm defects.
Cyclin D3 interacts with human activating transcription factor 5 and potentiates its transcription activity.
The very large G-protein-coupled receptor VLGR1: a component of the ankle link complex required for the normal development of auditory hair bundles.
The 21-nucleotide let-7 RNA regulates developmental timing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dynamic recruitment of Nek2 kinase to the centrosome involves microtubules, PCM-1, and localized proteasomal degradation.
Biochemical features of the MHC-related protein 1 consistent with an immunological function.
Attractin (DPPT-L), a member of the CUB family of cell adhesion and guidance proteins, is secreted by activated human T lymphocytes and modulates immune cell interactions.
Activation of cholesterol synthesis in preference to fatty acid synthesis in liver and adipose tissue of transgenic mice overproducing sterol regulatory element-binding protein-2.
Expression of TEX101, regulated by ACE, is essential for the production of fertile mouse spermatozoa.
BRCA1-associated protein-1 is a tumor suppressor that requires deubiquitinating activity and nuclear localization.
Purification and characterization of dipeptidyl peptidase I from human spleen.
Ribonucleases 6 and 7 have antimicrobial function in the human and murine urinary tract.
Netrins and neogenin promote myotube formation.
Regulation of postembryonic G(1) cell cycle progression in Caenorhabditis elegans by a cyclin D/CDK-like complex.
Two interacting bZIP proteins are direct targets of COP1-mediated control of light-dependent gene expression in Arabidopsis.
Cellular localization of human Rad51C and regulation of ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis of Rad51.
Mammalian Sir2 homolog SIRT3 regulates global mitochondrial lysine acetylation.
cDNA cloning, genomic structure and chromosomal localization of the human BUP-1 gene encoding beta-ureidopropionase.
Involvement of PEG10 in human hepatocellular carcinogenesis through interaction with SIAH1.
An alternative splicing switch regulates embryonic stem cell pluripotency and reprogramming.
Induced ectopic kinetochore assembly bypasses the requirement for CENP-A nucleosomes.
Arabidopsis protein disulfide isomerase-5 inhibits cysteine proteases during trafficking to vacuoles before programmed cell death of the endothelium in developing seeds.
Murine Sall1 represses transcription by recruiting a histone deacetylase complex.
Modulation of voltage- and Ca2+-dependent gating of CaV1.3 L-type calcium channels by alternative splicing of a C-terminal regulatory domain.
CREB-H: a novel mammalian transcription factor belonging to the CREB/ATF family and functioning via the box-B element with a liver-specific expression.
Conserved amino acids in the ligand-binding and tau(i) domains of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha are necessary for heterodimerization with RXR.
A gain-of-function screen for genes controlling motor axon guidance and synaptogenesis in Drosophila.
Calpain-regulated p35/cdk5 plays a central role in dopaminergic neuron death through modulation of the transcription factor myocyte enhancer factor 2.
Collagen XVIII, containing an endogenous inhibitor of angiogenesis and tumor growth, plays a critical role in the maintenance of retinal structure and in neural tube closure (Knobloch syndrome).
Identity of the N-terminal sequences of the three A chains of mistletoe (Viscum album L.) lectins: homology with ricin-like plant toxins and single-chain ribosome-inhibiting proteins.
Protein kinase C phosphorylates protein kinase D activation loop Ser744 and Ser748 and releases autoinhibition by the pleckstrin homology domain.
A novel protein expressed in mammalian cells undergoing apoptosis.
Essential requirement for two-pore channel 1 in NAADP-mediated calcium signaling.
A unique E1-E2 interaction required for optimal conjugation of the ubiquitin-like protein NEDD8.
ovo/svb integrates Wingless and DER pathways to control epidermis differentiation.
ATM and Chk2-dependent phosphorylation of MDMX contribute to p53 activation after DNA damage.
ATP modulation of excitatory synapses onto interneurons.
Mouse Hyal3 encodes a 45- to 56-kDa glycoprotein whose overexpression increases hyaluronidase 1 activity in cultured cells.
The molecular scaffold Gab2 is a crucial component of RANK signaling and osteoclastogenesis.
Interactions underlying assembly of the Escherichia coli AcrAB-TolC multidrug efflux system.
A zinc finger HIT domain-containing protein, ZNHIT-1, interacts with orphan nuclear hormone receptor Rev-erbbeta and removes Rev-erbbeta-induced inhibition of apoCIII transcription.
GEN1 promotes Holliday junction resolution by a coordinated nick and counter-nick mechanism.
SPG7 Is an Essential and Conserved Component of the Mitochondrial Permeability Transition Pore.
Deregulated human Cdc14A phosphatase disrupts centrosome separation and chromosome segregation.
Extensive domain motion and electron transfer in the human electron transferring flavoprotein.medium chain Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase complex.
An essential role for hGle1 nucleocytoplasmic shuttling in mRNA export.
An alternatively spliced C. elegans ced-4 RNA encodes a novel cell death inhibitor.
UBE1DC1, an ubiquitin-activating enzyme, activates two different ubiquitin-like proteins.
Proteolytic processing yields two secreted forms of sonic hedgehog.
Nuclear orphan receptors regulate transcription of the gene for the human luteinizing hormone receptor.
Brain dopamine-serotonin vesicular transport disease and its treatment.
Alternative forms of the scavenger receptor BI (SR-BI).
Transcription corepressor CtBP is an NAD(+)-regulated dehydrogenase.
Nitric oxide synthesis requires activity of the cationic and neutral amino acid transport system y+L in human umbilical vein endothelium.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a rat brain cDNA encoding a 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptor.
Negative regulation of male development in Caenorhabditis elegans by a protein-protein interaction between TRA-2A and FEM-3.
A PDK1 homolog is necessary and sufficient to transduce AGE-1 PI3 kinase signals that regulate diapause in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Structures of the PIN domains of SMG6 and SMG5 reveal a nuclease within the mRNA surveillance complex.
MYPT1, the targeting subunit of smooth-muscle myosin phosphatase, is a substrate for the asparaginyl hydroxylase factor inhibiting hypoxia-inducible factor (FIH).
The growth arrest-specific gene, gas1, is involved in growth suppression.
Cernunnos, a novel nonhomologous end-joining factor, is mutated in human immunodeficiency with microcephaly.
Analysis of the substrate specificity loop of the HAD superfamily cap domain.
Chitinase 3-like-1 exacerbates intestinal inflammation by enhancing bacterial adhesion and invasion in colonic epithelial cells.
BTLA is a lymphocyte inhibitory receptor with similarities to CTLA-4 and PD-1.
Identification of critical host mitochondrion-associated genes during Ehrlichia chaffeensis infections.
14-3-3epsilon is important for neuronal migration by binding to NUDEL: a molecular explanation for Miller-Dieker syndrome.
Simultaneous impairment of neuronal and metabolic function of mutated gephyrin in a patient with epileptic encephalopathy.
Transcriptional and DNA binding activity of the Foxp1/2/4 family is modulated by heterotypic and homotypic protein interactions.
A mutant receptor tyrosine phosphatase, CD148, causes defects in vascular development.
Two different classes of E2 ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes are required for the mono-ubiquitination of proteins and elongation by polyubiquitin chains with a specific topology.
Profiling the human protein-DNA interactome reveals ERK2 as a transcriptional repressor of interferon signaling.
Zfp312 is required for subcortical axonal projections and dendritic morphology of deep-layer pyramidal neurons of the cerebral cortex.
Melatonin delays leaf senescence and enhances salt stress tolerance in rice.
The human orthologue of Drosophila ecdysoneless protein interacts with p53 and regulates its function.
Regulation of cell adhesion and anchorage-dependent growth by a new beta 1-integrin-linked protein kinase.
PAN1/NALP2/PYPAF2, an inducible inflammatory mediator that regulates NF-kappaB and caspase-1 activation in macrophages.
R1, a novel repressor of the human monoamine oxidase A.
Arabidopsis cytosolic glutamine synthetase AtGLN1;1 is a potential substrate of AtCRK3 involved in leaf senescence.
Hydrophobic ligand binding properties of the human lipocalin apolipoprotein M.
Suppression of Pyk2 kinase and cellular activities by FIP200.
Up-regulation of fatty acid synthase promoter by hepatitis C virus core protein: genotype-3a core has a stronger effect than genotype-1b core.
Mutation of carboxyl-terminal threonine residues in human m3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor modulates the extent of sequestration and desensitization.
Functional characterization of the human interleukin-15 receptor alpha chain and close linkage of IL15RA and IL2RA genes.
The chromo domain protein chd1p from budding yeast is an ATP-dependent chromatin-modifying factor.
Identification of CD63 as a tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 interacting cell surface protein.
Pidd, a new death-domain-containing protein, is induced by p53 and promotes apoptosis.
Flt3 signaling involves tyrosyl-phosphorylation of SHP-2 and SHIP and their association with Grb2 and Shc in Baf3/Flt3 cells.
The too many mouths and four lips mutations affect stomatal production in Arabidopsis.
A Bub2p-dependent spindle checkpoint pathway regulates the Dbf2p kinase in budding yeast.
The importin beta/importin 7 heterodimer is a functional nuclear import receptor for histone H1.
Functional synergy between Rab5 effector Rabaptin-5 and exchange factor Rabex-5 when physically associated in a complex.
Alternative splicing of CARMA2/CARD14 transcripts generates protein variants with differential effect on NF-κB activation and endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced cell death.
FACT relieves DSIF/NELF-mediated inhibition of transcriptional elongation and reveals functional differences between P-TEFb and TFIIH.
Isolation of a human homolog of osteoclast inhibitory lectin that inhibits the formation and function of osteoclasts.
Mutations in LIKE HETEROCHROMATIN PROTEIN 1 affect flowering time and plant architecture in Arabidopsis.
Human Mus81-associated endonuclease cleaves Holliday junctions in vitro.
Hepatitis B virus pX interacts with HBXAP, a PHD finger protein to coactivate transcription.
Studies on the nonmevalonate terpene biosynthetic pathway: metabolic role of IspH (LytB) protein.
Identification of a molecular component of the mitochondrial acetyltransferase programme: a novel role for GCN5L1.
Hepatitis C virus protease NS3/4A cleaves mitochondrial antiviral signaling protein off the mitochondria to evade innate immunity.
Cathepsin B and its interacting proteins, bikunin and TSRC1, correlate with TNF-induced apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells OV-90.
Menin interacts with the AP1 transcription factor JunD and represses JunD-activated transcription.
Nucleophile selection for the endonuclease activities of human, ovine, and avian retroviral integrases.
Neuroligin expressed in nonneuronal cells triggers presynaptic development in contacting axons.
FemABX family members are novel nonribosomal peptidyltransferases and important pathogen-specific drug targets.
IMPACT, a protein preferentially expressed in the mouse brain, binds GCN1 and inhibits GCN2 activation.
p120 acts as a specific coactivator for 9-cis-retinoic acid receptor (RXR) on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma/RXR heterodimers.
GCUNC-45 is a novel regulator for the progesterone receptor/hsp90 chaperoning pathway.
MKP5, a new member of the MAP kinase phosphatase family, which selectively dephosphorylates stress-activated kinases.
Nerve growth factor inhibits metalloproteinase-disintegrins and blocks ectodomain shedding of platelet glycoprotein VI.
Covalent modification of all members of human cullin family proteins by NEDD8.
PML regulates apoptosis at endoplasmic reticulum by modulating calcium release.
Fatty acyl recognition and transfer by an integral membrane <i>S</i>-acyltransferase.
Integrin-using rotaviruses bind alpha2beta1 integrin alpha2 I domain via VP4 DGE sequence and recognize alphaXbeta2 and alphaVbeta3 by using VP7 during cell entry.
Visfatin as a novel mediator released by inflamed human endothelial cells.
Identification of a novel ADAMTS9/GON-1 function for protein transport from the ER to the Golgi.
Sulfation of endothelial mucin by corneal keratan N-acetylglucosamine 6-O-sulfotransferase (GST-4beta).
Fhos, a mammalian formin, directly binds to F-actin via a region N-terminal to the FH1 domain and forms a homotypic complex via the FH2 domain to promote actin fiber formation.
Exploration of essential gene functions via titratable promoter alleles.
Botulinum neurotoxin D uses synaptic vesicle protein SV2 and gangliosides as receptors.
Single processing center models for human Dicer and bacterial RNase III.
A chemically competent thiosulfuranyl radical on the Escherichia coli class III ribonucleotide reductase.
Nucleosomal histone kinase-1 phosphorylates H2A Thr 119 during mitosis in the early Drosophila embryo.
Suppression of hypersensitivity of Escherichia coli acrB mutant to organic solvents by integrational activation of the acrEF operon with the IS1 or IS2 element.
TDP43 is a human low molecular weight neurofilament (hNFL) mRNA-binding protein.
Retinoic acid receptors beta and gamma do not repress, but instead activate target gene transcription in both the absence and presence of hormone ligand.
Bcl10 activates the NF-kappaB pathway through ubiquitination of NEMO.
Presenilin-1 deficiency leads to loss of Cajal-Retzius neurons and cortical dysplasia similar to human type 2 lissencephaly.
Expression and characterization of recombinant human acyloxyacyl hydrolase, a leukocyte enzyme that deacylates bacterial lipopolysaccharides.
Hhex and scl function in parallel to regulate early endothelial and blood differentiation in zebrafish.
Control of growth cone motility and morphology by LIM kinase and Slingshot via phosphorylation and dephosphorylation of cofilin.
Vav3 mediates receptor protein tyrosine kinase signaling, regulates GTPase activity, modulates cell morphology, and induces cell transformation.
Interaction of translation initiation factor eIF4G with eIF4A in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of a human 5-HT1B serotonin receptor: a homologue of the rat 5-HT1B receptor with 5-HT1D-like pharmacological specificity.
Crystal structure of the cofactor-binding domain of the human phase II drug-metabolism enzyme UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 2B7.
Impaired basolateral sorting of pro-EGF causes isolated recessive renal hypomagnesemia.
Function of the Drosophila CPEB protein Orb2 in long-term courtship memory.
pH-dependent entry of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus is mediated by the spike glycoprotein and enhanced by dendritic cell transfer through DC-SIGN.
The yeast glutaredoxins are active as glutathione peroxidases.
Myr 8, a novel unconventional myosin expressed during brain development associates with the protein phosphatase catalytic subunits 1alpha and 1gamma1.
The protein tyrosine phosphatase Pez is a major phosphatase of adherens junctions and dephosphorylates beta-catenin.
Asunder is a critical regulator of dynein-dynactin localization during Drosophila spermatogenesis.
YSK1 is activated by the Golgi matrix protein GM130 and plays a role in cell migration through its substrate 14-3-3zeta.
cAMP-GEFII is a direct target of cAMP in regulated exocytosis.
An Arabidopsis (malectin-like) leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase contributes to downy mildew disease.
Random mutagenesis and selection of Escherichia coli cytosine deaminase for cancer gene therapy.
Phosphorylation of annexin I by TRPM7 channel-kinase.
Spinal muscular atrophy disrupts the interaction of ZPR1 with the SMN protein.
Role of the C-terminal tryptophan residue for the structure-function of the alphavirus capsid protein.
Structural basis for translational inhibition by the tumour suppressor Pdcd4.
A novel protein associated with membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase binds p27(kip1) and regulates RhoA activation, actin remodeling, and matrigel invasion.
KaiA-stimulated KaiC phosphorylation in circadian timing loops in cyanobacteria.
Cleavage of roquin and regnase-1 by the paracaspase MALT1 releases their cooperatively repressed targets to promote T(H)17 differentiation.
Regulation and role of Sox9 in cartilage formation.
Mip1, an MEKK2-interacting protein, controls MEKK2 dimerization and activation.
Ephrin-B2 ligand is a functional receptor for Hendra virus and Nipah virus.
Anti-inflammatory effects of mutant forms of secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor.
Structural recognition by recombinant human heparanase that plays critical roles in tumor metastasis. Hierarchical sulfate groups with different effects and the essential target disulfated trisaccharide sequence.
Structural studies on a 2,3-diphosphoglycerate independent phosphoglycerate mutase from Bacillus stearothermophilus.
Dystrophin is required for appropriate retrograde control of neurotransmitter release at the Drosophila neuromuscular junction.
Cleavage of Arabidopsis PBS1 by a bacterial type III effector.
Loss of function mutation in LOX causes thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection in humans.
Single-molecule force spectroscopy reveals a stepwise unfolding of Caenorhabditis elegans giant protein kinase domains.
Loss of phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase 2alpha activity causes late onset degeneration of spinal cord axons.
The pathogenesis of organophosphate polyneuropathy.
Implication of geranylgeranyltransferase I in synapse formation.
Cargo-selected transport from the mitochondria to peroxisomes is mediated by vesicular carriers.
The membrane-anchored BOTRYTIS-INDUCED KINASE1 plays distinct roles in Arabidopsis resistance to necrotrophic and biotrophic pathogens.
Hydrogen peroxide-mediated isoniazid activation catalyzed by Mycobacterium tuberculosis catalase-peroxidase (KatG) and its S315T mutant.
Reduction of spermatogenesis but not fertility in Creb3l4-deficient mice.
Vesicular glutamate transporters 1 and 2 target to functionally distinct synaptic release sites.
The small GTP-binding protein rac regulates growth factor-induced membrane ruffling.
A mutant Escherichia coli tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase utilizes the unnatural amino acid azatyrosine more efficiently than tyrosine.
Voltage-gated sodium channel in grasshopper mice defends against bark scorpion toxin.
Smad6 negatively regulates interleukin 1-receptor-Toll-like receptor signaling through direct interaction with the adaptor Pellino-1.
An investigation of the metabolism of isoleucine to active Amyl alcohol in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Overexpression of Arabidopsis sorting nexin AtSNX2b inhibits endocytic trafficking to the vacuole.
Assembly of snRNP-containing coiled bodies is regulated in interphase and mitosis--evidence that the coiled body is a kinetic nuclear structure.
Three-dimensional organization of Rift Valley fever virus revealed by cryoelectron tomography.
Isolation and characterization of beta-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein reductase (fabG) mutants of Escherichia coli and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium.
A novel mutation in the dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase E3 subunit gene (DLD) resulting in an atypical form of alpha-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase deficiency.
GGA proteins associate with Golgi membranes through interaction between their GGAH domains and ADP-ribosylation factors.
Cleavage specificity of Saccharomyces cerevisiae flap endonuclease 1 suggests a double-flap structure as the cellular substrate.
CLAC binds to amyloid beta peptides through the positively charged amino acid cluster within the collagenous domain 1 and inhibits formation of amyloid fibrils.
Cdk1/Erk2- and Plk1-dependent phosphorylation of a centrosome protein, Cep55, is required for its recruitment to midbody and cytokinesis.
The angiogenic factor Cyr61 activates a genetic program for wound healing in human skin fibroblasts.
Editing modifies the GABA(A) receptor subunit alpha3.
Identification of two auto-cleavage products of nonstructural protein 1 (nsp1) in porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus infected cells: nsp1 function as interferon antagonist.
The holo-form of the nucleotide binding domain of the KdpFABC complex from Escherichia coli reveals a new binding mode.
Contact-dependent growth inhibition requires the essential outer membrane protein BamA (YaeT) as the receptor and the inner membrane transport protein AcrB.
NFBD1, a novel nuclear protein with signature motifs of FHA and BRCT, and an internal 41-amino acid repeat sequence, is an early participant in DNA damage response.
The flavin-containing monooxygenase 2 gene (FMO2) of humans, but not of other primates, encodes a truncated, nonfunctional protein.
Interactions between fission yeast Cdk9, its cyclin partner Pch1, and mRNA capping enzyme Pct1 suggest an elongation checkpoint for mRNA quality control.
Temperature-induced lipocalin is required for basal and acquired thermotolerance in Arabidopsis.
Structural basis for cell surface patterning through NetrinG-NGL interactions.
Involvement of VIP36 in intracellular transport and secretion of glycoproteins in polarized Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells.
Molecular characterization of the ankle-link complex in cochlear hair cells and its role in the hair bundle functioning.
The orphan nuclear receptor TR2 interacts directly with both class I and class II histone deacetylases.
cDNA cloning, expression studies and chromosome mapping of human type I serine/threonine kinase receptor ALK7 (ACVR1C).
CCAR1/CoCoA pair-mediated recruitment of the Mediator defines a novel pathway for GATA1 function.
Light-harvesting chlorophyll a/b-binding proteins are required for stomatal response to abscisic acid in Arabidopsis.
Subcellular compartmentation and differential catalytic properties of the three human nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase isoforms.
ROCK isoform regulation of myosin phosphatase and contractility in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Characterization of the memory gene dunce of Drosophila melanogaster.
Two kinesin-like Kin I family proteins in fission yeast regulate the establishment of metaphase and the onset of anaphase A.
Methylation of H3-lysine 79 is mediated by a new family of HMTases without a SET domain.
The novel PAR-1-binding protein MTCL1 has crucial roles in organizing microtubules in polarizing epithelial cells.
The link between heparan sulfate and hereditary bone disease: finding a function for the EXT family of putative tumor suppressor proteins.
Goalpha and diacylglycerol kinase negatively regulate the Gqalpha pathway in C. elegans.
A role for Erbin in the regulation of Nod2-dependent NF-kappaB signaling.
A novel role of CCN3 in regulating endothelial inflammation.
Wnt7b regulates placental development in mice.
The orthodenticle gene encodes a novel homeo domain protein involved in the development of the Drosophila nervous system and ocellar visual structures.
The hepatitis B x antigen anti-apoptotic effector URG7 is localized to the endoplasmic reticulum membrane.
p140Cap protein suppresses tumour cell properties, regulating Csk and Src kinase activity.
Interaction of dishevelled and Xenopus axin-related protein is required for wnt signal transduction.
Repression of p53 activity by Smyd2-mediated methylation.
Different cellular and molecular mechanisms for early and late-onset myelin protein zero mutations.
Regulation of the Ca2+/CaM-responsive pool of CaMKII by scaffold-dependent autophosphorylation.
Identification and characterization of a human cDNA and gene encoding a ubiquitously expressed glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic subunit-related protein.
Regulation of SOS1, a plasma membrane Na+/H+ exchanger in Arabidopsis thaliana, by SOS2 and SOS3.
trp, a novel mammalian gene family essential for agonist-activated capacitative Ca2+ entry.
Sister chromatid separation and chromosome re-duplication are regulated by different mechanisms in response to spindle damage.
Functional interaction between autophagy and ciliogenesis.
Subtle alterations of the native zinc finger structures have dramatic effects on the nucleic acid chaperone activity of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 nucleocapsid protein.
Hzf protein regulates dendritic localization and BDNF-induced translation of type 1 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor mRNA.
The Human Knockout Gene CLYBL Connects Itaconate to Vitamin B<sub>12</sub>.
Human TUBB3 mutations perturb microtubule dynamics, kinesin interactions, and axon guidance.
The geminivirus nuclear shuttle protein is a virulence factor that suppresses transmembrane receptor kinase activity.
Multiple cellulose synthase catalytic subunits are required for cellulose synthesis in Arabidopsis.
RNA polymerase I transcription and pre-rRNA processing are linked by specific SSU processome components.
Par-4 drives trafficking and activation of Fas and Fasl to induce prostate cancer cell apoptosis and tumor regression.
Interleukin 31, a cytokine produced by activated T cells, induces dermatitis in mice.
Wnt7b activates canonical signaling in epithelial and vascular smooth muscle cells through interactions with Fzd1, Fzd10, and LRP5.
LIM factor Lhx3 contributes to the specification of motor neuron and interneuron identity through cell-type-specific protein-protein interactions.
His103 in yeast transketolase is required for substrate recognition and catalysis.
Protein stability of mitochondrial superoxide dismutase SOD2 is regulated by USP36.
SKAP55 coupled with CD45 positively regulates T-cell receptor-mediated gene transcription.
Sp100 interacts with ETS-1 and stimulates its transcriptional activity.
Reconstitution of a frizzled8.Wnt3a.LRP6 signaling complex reveals multiple Wnt and Dkk1 binding sites on LRP6.
ATX-2, the C. elegans ortholog of ataxin 2, functions in translational regulation in the germline.
Histone H4 lysine 20 monomethylation promotes transcriptional repression by L3MBTL1.
The Hippo signaling pathway coordinately regulates cell proliferation and apoptosis by inactivating Yorkie, the Drosophila Homolog of YAP.
Rsp5-Bul1/2 complex is necessary for the HSE-mediated gene expression in budding yeast.
The Ras-ERK MAPK regulatory network controls dedifferentiation in Caenorhabditis elegans germline.
PSK, a novel STE20-like kinase derived from prostatic carcinoma that activates the c-Jun N-terminal kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway and regulates actin cytoskeletal organization.
Inhibition of nuclear factor-kappaB-mediated transcription by association with the amino-terminal enhancer of split, a Groucho-related protein lacking WD40 repeats.
Mutations in the estrogen receptor ligand binding domain discriminate between hormone-dependent transactivation and transrepression.
The RNA binding protein Tudor-SN is essential for stress tolerance and stabilizes levels of stress-responsive mRNAs encoding secreted proteins in Arabidopsis.
PSKH1, a novel splice factor compartment-associated serine kinase.
ASPP proteins specifically stimulate the apoptotic function of p53.
Cooperative assembly of an hnRNP complex induced by a tissue-specific homolog of polypyrimidine tract binding protein.
Suppression of anchorage-independent growth and matrigel invasion and delayed tumor formation by elevated expression of fibulin-1D in human fibrosarcoma-derived cell lines.
KIF1Bbeta2, capable of interacting with CHP, is localized to synaptic vesicles.
EAP1/Daxx interacts with ETS1 and represses transcriptional activation of ETS1 target genes.
A role for PML and the nuclear body in genomic stability.
ADP ribosylation factor-like protein 2 (Arl2) regulates the interaction of tubulin-folding cofactor D with native tubulin.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of brefeldin A-ADP-ribosylated substrate. A novel protein involved in the maintenance of the Golgi structure.
Zyxin, a regulator of actin filament assembly, targets the mitotic apparatus by interacting with h-warts/LATS1 tumor suppressor.
Characterization of the human GARP (Golgi associated retrograde protein) complex.
Proteolytic activity of YibP protein in Escherichia coli.
Activation of p34cdc2 protein kinase by microinjection of human cdc25C into mammalian cells. Requirement for prior phosphorylation of cdc25C by p34cdc2 on sites phosphorylated at mitosis.
Anchorage of microtubule minus ends to adherens junctions regulates epithelial cell-cell contacts.
The fragile X syndrome protein represses activity-dependent translation through CYFIP1, a new 4E-BP.
Genetic dissection of cytokinesis.
Disruption of the kappa-opioid receptor gene in mice enhances sensitivity to chemical visceral pain, impairs pharmacological actions of the selective kappa-agonist U-50,488H and attenuates morphine withdrawal.
Biochemical characterization of human kallikrein 8 and its possible involvement in the degradation of extracellular matrix proteins.
Lateral signaling mediated by axon contact and calcium entry regulates asymmetric odorant receptor expression in C. elegans.
KAT2A coupled with the α-KGDH complex acts as a histone H3 succinyltransferase.
The novel tyrosine kinase ZAK1 activates GSK3 to direct cell fate specification.
Phyllotactic pattern and stem cell fate are determined by the Arabidopsis homeobox gene BELLRINGER.
The linear ubiquitin-specific deubiquitinase gumby regulates angiogenesis.
A zinc finger-containing papain-like protease couples subgenomic mRNA synthesis to genome translation in a positive-stranded RNA virus.
Toward understanding the cationicity of defensins. Arg and Lys versus their noncoded analogs.
Distinct usage of three C-type lectins by Japanese encephalitis virus: DC-SIGN, DC-SIGNR, and LSECtin.
Cloning and characterization of a functionally distinct corticotropin-releasing factor receptor subtype from rat brain.
Dynein light intermediate chain 1 is required for progress through the spindle assembly checkpoint.
The HALTED ROOT gene encoding the 26S proteasome subunit RPT2a is essential for the maintenance of Arabidopsis meristems.
A novel cellular protein, VPEF, facilitates vaccinia virus penetration into HeLa cells through fluid phase endocytosis.
Crystal structure analysis reveals a spring-loaded latch as molecular mechanism for GDF-5-type I receptor specificity.
Molecular interactions between apoE and ABCA1: impact on apoE lipidation.
Subcellular localization of the autoimmune regulator protein. characterization of nuclear targeting and transcriptional activation domain.
Neto1 is a novel CUB-domain NMDA receptor-interacting protein required for synaptic plasticity and learning.
Regulation of Torsin ATPases by LAP1 and LULL1.
A gate-latch-lock mechanism for hormone signalling by abscisic acid receptors.
CDC50A plays a key role in the uptake of the anticancer drug perifosine in human carcinoma cells.
Neurotrophic actions of a novel molluscan epidermal growth factor.
NSD1 is essential for early post-implantation development and has a catalytically active SET domain.
Zhangfei is a potent and specific inhibitor of the host cell factor-binding transcription factor Luman.
DOT4 links silencing and cell growth in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
K+ channel facilitation of exocytosis by dynamic interaction with syntaxin.
SV40 VP2 and VP3 insertion into ER membranes is controlled by the capsid protein VP1: implications for DNA translocation out of the ER.
Cloning and characterization of hcKrox, a transcriptional regulator of extracellular matrix gene expression.
Evidence that the human gene for prostate short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (PSDR1) encodes a novel retinal reductase (RalR1).
Purification and characterization of UDP-N-acetylgalactosamine: polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase from bovine colostrum and murine lymphoma BW5147 cells.
Crystal structures of the novel cytosolic 5'-nucleotidase IIIB explain its preference for m7GMP.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the platelet-activating factor receptor gene expressed in the human heart.
A prototypic platelet septin and its participation in secretion.
Functional analysis of pyrimidine biosynthesis enzymes using the anticancer drug 5-fluorouracil in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A human aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase as a regulator of angiogenesis.
Characterization of two recombinant Drosophila calpains. CALPA and a novel homolog, CALPB.
NFBD1/KIAA0170 is a chromatin-associated protein involved in DNA damage signaling pathways.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis WhiB3 interacts with RpoV to affect host survival but is dispensable for in vivo growth.
An essential role for vesicular glutamate transporter 1 (VGLUT1) in postnatal development and control of quantal size.
A family of protein-deglutamylating enzymes associated with neurodegeneration.
Molecular cloning and overexpression of the human FK506-binding protein FKBP.
The histone H4 acetyltransferase MOF uses a C2HC zinc finger for substrate recognition.
Potyviruses differ in their requirement for TOR signalling.
The unique N-terminal region of SRMS regulates enzymatic activity and phosphorylation of its novel substrate docking protein 1.
Mutations in the Arabidopsis VAR2 locus cause leaf variegation due to the loss of a chloroplast FtsH protease.
Mutagenesis of human acetylcholinesterase. Identification of residues involved in catalytic activity and in polypeptide folding.
Bcr encodes a GTPase-activating protein for p21rac.
Negative regulation of EGFR signalling through integrin-alpha1beta1-mediated activation of protein tyrosine phosphatase TCPTP.
The AAA+ protein ATAD3 has displacement loop binding properties and is involved in mitochondrial nucleoid organization.
Regulated recruitment of HP1 to a euchromatic gene induces mitotically heritable, epigenetic gene silencing: a mammalian cell culture model of gene variegation.
The serine/threonine kinase Pim-2 is a transcriptionally regulated apoptotic inhibitor.
Rheb GTPase is a direct target of TSC2 GAP activity and regulates mTOR signaling.
Spatiotemporal control of mitosis by the conserved spindle matrix protein Megator.
CARD11 and CARD14 are novel caspase recruitment domain (CARD)/membrane-associated guanylate kinase (MAGUK) family members that interact with BCL10 and activate NF-kappa B.
The SARS-coronavirus nsp7+nsp8 complex is a unique multimeric RNA polymerase capable of both de novo initiation and primer extension.
Truncated estrogen receptor product-1 stimulates estrogen receptor alpha transcriptional activity by titration of repressor proteins.
NFAT binding and regulation of T cell activation by the cytoplasmic scaffolding Homer proteins.
Luzp4 defines a new mRNA export pathway in cancer cells.
Significance of the N-terminal domain for the function of chloroplast cpn20 chaperonin.
The RUN domain of rubicon is important for hVps34 binding, lipid kinase inhibition, and autophagy suppression.
SV2 is the protein receptor for botulinum neurotoxin A.
Dimerization of Toc-GTPases at the chloroplast protein import machinery.
Binding sites of the Epstein-Barr virus and C3d receptor (CR2, CD21) for its three intracellular ligands, the p53 anti-oncoprotein, the p68 calcium binding protein and the nuclear p120 ribonucleoprotein.
A novel RING finger E3 ligase RNF186 regulate ER stress-mediated apoptosis through interaction with BNip1.
AMPD2 regulates GTP synthesis and is mutated in a potentially treatable neurodegenerative brainstem disorder.
A general requirement for the Sin3-Rpd3 histone deacetylase complex in regulating silencing in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Loss of the cholesterol-binding protein prominin-1/CD133 causes disk dysmorphogenesis and photoreceptor degeneration.
PRDM16 controls a brown fat/skeletal muscle switch.
Phosphoinositide-3-OH kinase-dependent regulation of glycogen synthase kinase 3 and protein kinase B/AKT by the integrin-linked kinase.
Thyroid hormone receptor variant alpha2. Role of the ninth heptad in dna binding, heterodimerization with retinoid X receptors, and dominant negative activity.
In vitro identification of DNA-binding motif for the new zinc finger protein AtYY1.
Ovastacin, a cortical granule protease, cleaves ZP2 in the zona pellucida to prevent polyspermy.
XLX is an IAP family member regulated by phosphorylation during meiosis.
Differential regulation of sentrinized proteins by a novel sentrin-specific protease.
Nuclear alpha1-adrenergic receptors signal activated ERK localization to caveolae in adult cardiac myocytes.
Estrogen dependent expression of the receptor tyrosine kinase axl in normal and malignant human breast.
Genomic organization and functional analysis of murine PKD2L1.
PEX3 functions as a PEX19 docking factor in the import of class I peroxisomal membrane proteins.
The p59 oligoadenylate synthetase-like protein possesses antiviral activity that requires the C-terminal ubiquitin-like domain.
Direct control of the Forkhead transcription factor AFX by protein kinase B.
The C. elegans hmr-1 gene can encode a neuronal classic cadherin involved in the regulation of axon fasciculation.
BACH1, a novel helicase-like protein, interacts directly with BRCA1 and contributes to its DNA repair function.
Purification and properties of extracellular matrix-degrading metallo-proteinase overproduced by Rous sarcoma virus-transformed rat liver cell line, and its identification as transin.
ZIP: a novel transcription repressor, represses EGFR oncogene and suppresses breast carcinogenesis.
The novel ankyrin-repeat containing kinase ARCK-1 acts as a suppressor of the Spalten signaling pathway during Dictyostelium development.
GPI glycan remodeling by PGAP5 regulates transport of GPI-anchored proteins from the ER to the Golgi.
TSPAN12 regulates retinal vascular development by promoting Norrin- but not Wnt-induced FZD4/beta-catenin signaling.
A CD14-independent LPS receptor cluster.
Mechanism of regulation of the Epac family of cAMP-dependent RapGEFs.
Homologous DNA pairing by human recombination factors Rad51 and Rad54.
Imaging poliovirus entry in live cells.
Novel nuclear export signal-interacting protein, NESI, critical for the assembly of hepatitis delta virus.
Essential role of synoviolin in embryogenesis.
Conserved roles for Slit and Robo proteins in midline commissural axon guidance.
Shroom induces apical constriction and is required for hingepoint formation during neural tube closure.
The ribosome-bound initiation factor 2 recruits initiator tRNA to the 30S initiation complex.
Isolation and characterization of the Drosophila gene encoding the TATA box binding protein, TFIID.
Domains of apoE required for binding to apoE receptor 2 and to phospholipids: implications for the functions of apoE in the brain.
The structural basis for catalysis and specificity of the Pseudomonas cellulosa alpha-glucuronidase, GlcA67A.
Arylsulfatase B regulates colonic epithelial cell migration by effects on MMP9 expression and RhoA activation.
PARK9-associated ATP13A2 localizes to intracellular acidic vesicles and regulates cation homeostasis and neuronal integrity.
RNA interference-based (RNAi) suppression of AtMPK6, an Arabidopsis mitogen-activated protein kinase, results in hypersensitivity to ozone and misregulation of AtMPK3.
DUBA: a deubiquitinase that regulates type I interferon production.
Endosomal transport function in yeast requires a novel AAA-type ATPase, Vps4p.
Roles of DegP in prevention of protein misfolding in the periplasm upon overexpression of penicillin acylase in Escherichia coli.
MSH2 and MSH6 are required for removal of adenine misincorporated opposite 8-oxo-guanine in S. cerevisiae.
Interaction between a poly(A)-specific ribonuclease and the 5' cap influences mRNA deadenylation rates in vitro.
Symmetrical mutant phenotypes of the receptor EphB4 and its specific transmembrane ligand ephrin-B2 in cardiovascular development.
The obesity-associated FTO gene encodes a 2-oxoglutarate-dependent nucleic acid demethylase.
TRAF2 deficiency results in hyperactivity of certain TNFR1 signals and impairment of CD40-mediated responses.
Immunolocalization and histochemical evidence for the association of two different Arabidopsis annexins with secretion during early seedling growth and development.
Two human orthologues of Eco1/Ctf7 acetyltransferases are both required for proper sister-chromatid cohesion.
Neuronal apoptosis induced by endoplasmic reticulum stress is regulated by ATF4-CHOP-mediated induction of the Bcl-2 homology 3-only member PUMA.
Protein interaction domains of the ubiquitin-specific protease, USP7/HAUSP.
Respiratory syncytial virus glycoprotein G interacts with DC-SIGN and L-SIGN to activate ERK1 and ERK2.
Disruption of quinoprotein ethanol dehydrogenase gene and adjacent genes in Pseudomonas putida HK5.
Caspase cleaved BID targets mitochondria and is required for cytochrome c release, while BCL-XL prevents this release but not tumor necrosis factor-R1/Fas death.
A novel docking site on Mediator is critical for activation by VP16 in mammalian cells.
Functional analysis of the Drosophila diaphanous FH protein in early embryonic development.
Cloning of the mouse cardiac Na(+)-Ca2+ exchanger and functional expression in Xenopus oocytes.
A missense mutation in TFRC, encoding transferrin receptor 1, causes combined immunodeficiency.
Suppression of the deubiquitinating enzyme USP5 causes the accumulation of unanchored polyubiquitin and the activation of p53.
The Arabidopsis photomorphogenic mutant hy1 is deficient in phytochrome chromophore biosynthesis as a result of a mutation in a plastid heme oxygenase.
An ankyrin-based mechanism for functional organization of dystrophin and dystroglycan.
The conserved protein SZY-20 opposes the Plk4-related kinase ZYG-1 to limit centrosome size.
Role of Drosophila alpha-adaptin in presynaptic vesicle recycling.
Isolation and characterization of human orthologs of yeast CCR4-NOT complex subunits.
The UNC-112 gene in Caenorhabditis elegans encodes a novel component of cell-matrix adhesion structures required for integrin localization in the muscle cell membrane.
Semaphorin 5A and plexin-B3 inhibit human glioma cell motility through RhoGDIalpha-mediated inactivation of Rac1 GTPase.
The yeast Epsin Ent1 is recruited to membranes through multiple independent interactions.
Kinetics of FKBP12.6 binding to ryanodine receptors in permeabilized cardiac myocytes and effects on Ca sparks.
Stress-induced corticotropin-releasing hormone-mediated NLRP6 inflammasome inhibition and transmissible enteritis in mice.
Primary structures and expression from cDNAs of rat opioid receptor delta- and mu-subtypes.
The STAR protein QKI-6 is a translational repressor.
Phytochrome-interacting factor 1 is a critical bHLH regulator of chlorophyll biosynthesis.
FILAMENTOUS FLOWER, a meristem and organ identity gene of Arabidopsis, encodes a protein with a zinc finger and HMG-related domains.
The Drosophila Pkn protein kinase is a Rho/Rac effector target required for dorsal closure during embryogenesis.
Metabolic activation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon trans-dihydrodiols by ubiquitously expressed aldehyde reductase (AKR1A1).
Snf1-like protein kinase Ssp2 regulates glucose derepression in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Autonomous regulation of the anaphase-promoting complex couples mitosis to S-phase entry.
Genetic analysis of laminin A reveals diverse functions during morphogenesis in Drosophila.
A membrane protein required for dislocation of misfolded proteins from the ER.
A membrane protein complex mediates retro-translocation from the ER lumen into the cytosol.
TRAF7 potentiates MEKK3-induced AP1 and CHOP activation and induces apoptosis.
The low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein is a motogenic receptor for plasminogen activator inhibitor-1.
Role of dHAND in the anterior-posterior polarization of the limb bud: implications for the Sonic hedgehog pathway.
A genome-wide screen for methyl methanesulfonate-sensitive mutants reveals genes required for S phase progression in the presence of DNA damage.
Regulation of monoubiquitinated PCNA by DUB autocleavage.
Mutation of CDH23, encoding a new member of the cadherin gene family, causes Usher syndrome type 1D.
Analysis of orthologous groups reveals archease and DDX1 as tRNA splicing factors.
A novel function of CEP135 as a platform protein of C-NAP1 for its centriolar localization.
UXT-V1 protects cells against TNF-induced apoptosis through modulating complex II formation.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1 by the insulin receptor is necessary for insulin metabolic signaling.
ABI1 protein phosphatase 2C is a negative regulator of abscisic acid signaling.
Drosophila 230-kD TFIID subunit, a functional homolog of the human cell cycle gene product, negatively regulates DNA binding of the TATA box-binding subunit of TFIID.
Megator, an essential coiled-coil protein that localizes to the putative spindle matrix during mitosis in Drosophila.
Growth Arrest Specific 8 (Gas8) and G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 (GRK2) cooperate in the control of Smoothened signaling.
Loss of heterozygosity on 8p in prostate cancer implicates a role for dematin in tumor progression.
Evidence for a tumoral immune resistance mechanism based on tryptophan degradation by indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase.
Characterization and functional analysis of the nucleotide binding fold in human peroxisomal ATP binding cassette transporters.
The bHLH transcription factor dHAND controls Sonic hedgehog expression and establishment of the zone of polarizing activity during limb development.
Arabidopsis Mutants Lacking Blue Light-Dependent Inhibition of Hypocotyl Elongation.
Overexpression of AtMYB44 enhances stomatal closure to confer abiotic stress tolerance in transgenic Arabidopsis.
Anterograde axonal transport of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor and its receptors in rat hypoglossal nerve.
A novel partner for the GTP-bound forms of rho and rac.
APRIL and TALL-I and receptors BCMA and TACI: system for regulating humoral immunity.
Abnormal spindle protein, Asp, and the integrity of mitotic centrosomal microtubule organizing centers.
Arabidopsis VTC2 encodes a GDP-L-galactose phosphorylase, the last unknown enzyme in the Smirnoff-Wheeler pathway to ascorbic acid in plants.
Hyaluronidase induction of a WW domain-containing oxidoreductase that enhances tumor necrosis factor cytotoxicity.
Biochemical basis for the biological clock.
c-IAP1 and c-IAP2 are critical mediators of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha)-induced NF-kappaB activation.
APC2 Cullin protein and APC11 RING protein comprise the minimal ubiquitin ligase module of the anaphase-promoting complex.
Spatial regulation of an E3 ubiquitin ligase directs selective synapse elimination.
Cleavage of foot-and-mouth disease virus polyprotein is mediated by residues located within a 19 amino acid sequence.
Enhanced multispecificity of arabidopsis vacuolar multidrug resistance-associated protein-type ATP-binding cassette transporter, AtMRP2.
Regulation of neuregulin signaling by PSD-95 interacting with ErbB4 at CNS synapses.
EphB2 guides axons at the midline and is necessary for normal vestibular function.
A mouse homologue of FAST-1 transduces TGF beta superfamily signals and is expressed during early embryogenesis.
Overexpression of human acyl-CoA thioesterase upregulates peroxisome biogenesis.
Activation of downstream signals by the long form of the leptin receptor.
Mutations in NTRK3 suggest a novel signaling pathway in human congenital heart disease.
Ovarian tumor domain-containing viral proteases evade ubiquitin- and ISG15-dependent innate immune responses.
Structure of the N-terminal region of complement factor H and conformational implications of disease-linked sequence variations.
GSK3alpha exhibits beta-catenin and tau directed kinase activities that are modulated by Wnt.
Primary structure of the bovine analogues to human apolipoproteins CII and CIII. Studies on isoforms and evidence for proteolytic processing.
Direct phosphorylation of capsaicin receptor VR1 by protein kinase Cepsilon and identification of two target serine residues.
The mammalian oxysterol-binding protein-related proteins (ORPs) bind 25-hydroxycholesterol in an evolutionarily conserved pocket.
Strain and near attack conformers in enzymic thiamin catalysis: X-ray crystallographic snapshots of bacterial transketolase in covalent complex with donor ketoses xylulose 5-phosphate and fructose 6-phosphate, and in noncovalent complex with acceptor aldose ribose 5-phosphate.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 7A1 (ALDH7A1) is a novel enzyme involved in cellular defense against hyperosmotic stress.
Adenylyl cyclase localization regulates streaming during chemotaxis.
Coupling of coat assembly and vesicle budding to packaging of putative cargo receptors.
Protein 61K, encoded by a gene (PRPF31) linked to autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa, is required for U4/U6*U5 tri-snRNP formation and pre-mRNA splicing.
Sorting of Fas ligand to secretory lysosomes is regulated by mono-ubiquitylation and phosphorylation.
A role for a lithium-inhibited Golgi nucleotidase in skeletal development and sulfation.
In vitro ubiquitination of cyclin D1 by ROC1-CUL1 and ROC1-CUL3.
Intracellular distribution of cowpea mosaic virus movement protein as visualised by green fluorescent protein fusions.
SCaMC-1 promotes cancer cell survival by desensitizing mitochondrial permeability transition via ATP/ADP-mediated matrix Ca(2+) buffering.
The molecular basis of ABA-independent inhibition of PP2Cs by a subclass of PYL proteins.
Essential roles of zinc ligation and enzyme dimerization for catalysis in the aminoacylase-1/M20 family.
An unbiased screen identifies DEP-1 tumor suppressor as a phosphatase controlling EGFR endocytosis.
Identification of Apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease 1 (APE1) as the endoribonuclease that cleaves c-myc mRNA.
AIM2 suppresses human breast cancer cell proliferation in vitro and mammary tumor growth in a mouse model.
Regulation of calcium sparks and spontaneous transient outward currents by RyR3 in arterial vascular smooth muscle cells.
Megalin acts in concert with cubilin to mediate endocytosis of high density lipoproteins.
The topoisomerase-related function gene TRF4 affects cellular sensitivity to the antitumor agent camptothecin.
Molecular identification of a functional homologue of the mammalian fatty acid amide hydrolase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Species-specific exclusion of APOBEC3G from HIV-1 virions by Vif.
Mycobacterial MazG is a novel NTP pyrophosphohydrolase involved in oxidative stress response.
Mbt, a Drosophila PAK protein, combines with Cdc42 to regulate photoreceptor cell morphogenesis.
P4-ATPase ATP8A2 acts in synergy with CDC50A to enhance neurite outgrowth.
Ero1p oxidizes protein disulfide isomerase in a pathway for disulfide bond formation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
The testicular germ-cell protease PC4 is also expressed in macrophage-like cells of the ovary.
GPS2 is required for cholesterol efflux by triggering histone demethylation, LXR recruitment, and coregulator assembly at the ABCG1 locus.
Coordinated regulation of accessory genetic elements produces cyclic di-nucleotides for V. cholerae virulence.
PARP16 is a tail-anchored endoplasmic reticulum protein required for the PERK- and IRE1α-mediated unfolded protein response.
Expression and characterization of human FKBP52, an immunophilin that associates with the 90-kDa heat shock protein and is a component of steroid receptor complexes.
Atypical soluble guanylyl cyclases in Drosophila can function as molecular oxygen sensors.
The connecdenn family, Rab35 guanine nucleotide exchange factors interfacing with the clathrin machinery.
GOLPH3 is essential for contractile ring formation and Rab11 localization to the cleavage site during cytokinesis in Drosophila melanogaster.
Characterization of interactions between PinX1 and human telomerase subunits hTERT and hTR.
Tyrosine kinase receptor RET is a key regulator of Peyer's patch organogenesis.
Structure of the repulsive guidance molecule (RGM)-neogenin signaling hub.
Characterization of the sodium/hydrogen exchanger NHA2.
Differential requirements for AP-2 in clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
The activin signaling pathway promotes differentiation of dI3 interneurons in the spinal neural tube.
Cloning, pharmacological characterization, and chromosome assignment of the human dopamine transporter.
Quantitative analysis of single-molecule RNA-protein interaction.
Dominant-interfering forms of MEF2 generated by caspase cleavage contribute to NMDA-induced neuronal apoptosis.
The vitelliform macular dystrophy protein defines a new family of chloride channels.
VPS21 controls entry of endocytosed and biosynthetic proteins into the yeast prevacuolar compartment.
Human RPS19, the gene mutated in Diamond-Blackfan anemia, encodes a ribosomal protein required for the maturation of 40S ribosomal subunits.
The RGS (regulator of G-protein signalling) and GoLoco domains of RGS14 co-operate to regulate Gi-mediated signalling.
Identification of four novel DC-SIGN ligands on Mycobacterium bovis BCG.
Drosophila Ten-m and filamin affect motor neuron growth cone guidance.
Structure of the human κ-opioid receptor in complex with JDTic.
The human kinesin Kif18A is a motile microtubule depolymerase essential for chromosome congression.
Structural basis for the activation of cholera toxin by human ARF6-GTP.
Damaged DNA-binding protein DDB stimulates the excision of cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers in vitro in concert with XPA and replication protein A.
Human Wapl is a cohesin-binding protein that promotes sister-chromatid resolution in mitotic prophase.
The peptide-binding and ATPase domains of recombinant hsc70 are required to interact with rotavirus and reduce its infectivity.
Involvement of human ELAC2 gene product in 3' end processing of mitochondrial tRNAs.
Acquired mutations in TET2 are common in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Involvement of caspase-4 in endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced apoptosis and Abeta-induced cell death.
CAP defines a second signalling pathway required for insulin-stimulated glucose transport.
Human tribbles, a protein family controlling mitogen-activated protein kinase cascades.
Membrane fusion triggers rapid degradation of two gamete-specific, fusion-essential proteins in a membrane block to polygamy in Chlamydomonas.
The interferon-inducible 15-kDa ubiquitin homolog conjugates to intracellular proteins.
DNA ligase IV is essential for V(D)J recombination and DNA double-strand break repair in human precursor lymphocytes.
Cooperative autoinhibition and multi-level activation mechanisms of calcineurin.
Identification of KIAA1018/FAN1, a DNA repair nuclease recruited to DNA damage by monoubiquitinated FANCD2.
Division versus fusion: Dnm1p and Fzo1p antagonistically regulate mitochondrial shape.
Mitochondrial association of myocilin, product of a glaucoma gene, in human trabecular meshwork cells.
Protein kinase A increases type-2 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor activity by phosphorylation of serine 937.
The AAA-ATPase FIGL-1 controls mitotic progression, and its levels are regulated by the CUL-3MEL-26 E3 ligase in the C. elegans germ line.
Compartmentalized signaling by GPI-anchored ephrin-A5 requires the Fyn tyrosine kinase to regulate cellular adhesion.
FEEL-1 and FEEL-2 are endocytic receptors for advanced glycation end products.
Cloning, sequencing and mutagenesis of the genes for aromatic amine dehydrogenase from Alcaligenes faecalis and evolution of amine dehydrogenases.
Mutation of the ATP-gated P2X(2) receptor leads to progressive hearing loss and increased susceptibility to noise.
Vangl2 acts via RhoA signaling to regulate polarized cell movements during development of the proximal outflow tract.
Mitogenic influence of human R-spondin1 on the intestinal epithelium.
pokkuri, a Drosophila gene encoding an E-26-specific (Ets) domain protein, prevents overproduction of the R7 photoreceptor.
LR11, an LDL receptor gene family member, is a novel regulator of smooth muscle cell migration.
A transmembrane guanylyl cyclase (DAF-11) and Hsp90 (DAF-21) regulate a common set of chemosensory behaviors in caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning and characterization of the human 5,10-methenyltetrahydrofolate synthetase-encoding cDNA.
Human SAD1 kinase is involved in UV-induced DNA damage checkpoint function.
Thermotoga maritima MazG protein has both nucleoside triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase and pyrophosphatase activities.
Pre-B-cell colony-enhancing factor, whose expression is up-regulated in activated lymphocytes, is a nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase, a cytosolic enzyme involved in NAD biosynthesis.
The Caenorhabditis elegans genes egl-27 and egr-1 are similar to MTA1, a member of a chromatin regulatory complex, and are redundantly required for embryonic patterning.
Protein kinase CK2 is involved in G2 arrest and apoptosis following spindle damage in epithelial cells.
Protein kinase WNK2 inhibits cell proliferation by negatively modulating the activation of MEK1/ERK1/2.
Hrs regulates endosome membrane invagination and tyrosine kinase receptor signaling in Drosophila.
Control of actin reorganization by Slingshot, a family of phosphatases that dephosphorylate ADF/cofilin.
FtsK Is a DNA motor protein that activates chromosome dimer resolution by switching the catalytic state of the XerC and XerD recombinases.
Separase, polo kinase, the kinetochore protein Slk19, and Spo12 function in a network that controls Cdc14 localization during early anaphase.
HDA6, a putative histone deacetylase needed to enhance DNA methylation induced by double-stranded RNA.
Isolation of the mouse (MFH-1) and human (FKHL 14) mesenchyme fork head-1 genes reveals conservation of their gene and protein structures.
Activated PAK4 regulates cell adhesion and anchorage-independent growth.
The roles of two IkappaB kinase-related kinases in lipopolysaccharide and double stranded RNA signaling and viral infection.
Universal phosphatase-coupled glycosyltransferase assay.
The interdomain flexible linker of the polypeptide GalNAc transferases dictates their long-range glycosylation preferences.
An electroneutral sodium/bicarbonate cotransporter NBCn1 and associated sodium channel.
A novel role for 3-O-sulfated heparan sulfate in herpes simplex virus 1 entry.
Identification and characterization of a novel protein, periostin, with restricted expression to periosteum and periodontal ligament and increased expression by transforming growth factor beta.
CLIC4 is enriched at cell-cell junctions and colocalizes with AKAP350 at the centrosome and midbody of cultured mammalian cells.
Organ-specific function of adhesion G protein-coupled receptor GPR126 is domain-dependent.
Posttranslational modifications affect the activity of the human monocyte chemotactic proteins MCP-1 and MCP-2: identification of MCP-2(6-76) as a natural chemokine inhibitor.
Human Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase beta gene encodes multiple isoforms that display distinct kinase activity.
Requirement of CD9 on the egg plasma membrane for fertilization.
Cytoplasmic dynein (ddlc1) mutations cause morphogenetic defects and apoptotic cell death in Drosophila melanogaster.
Generation of neurons by transient expression of neural bHLH proteins in mammalian cells.
Identification of DHX33 as a mediator of rRNA synthesis and cell growth.
Mutations in DHDPSL are responsible for primary hyperoxaluria type III.
A focal epilepsy and intellectual disability syndrome is due to a mutation in TBC1D24.
Coupling of the nucleus and cytoplasm: role of the LINC complex.
Myrf ER-Bound Transcription Factors Drive C. elegans Synaptic Plasticity via Cleavage-Dependent Nuclear Translocation.
Perineurial Barrier Glia Physically Respond to Alcohol in an Akap200-Dependent Manner to Promote Tolerance.
The antidepressant-sensitive dopamine transporter in Drosophila melanogaster: a primordial carrier for catecholamines.
KIAA0101 interacts with BRCA1 and regulates centrosome number.
Negative elongation factor (NELF) coordinates RNA polymerase II pausing, premature termination, and chromatin remodeling to regulate HIV transcription.
Mammalian APH-1 interacts with presenilin and nicastrin and is required for intramembrane proteolysis of amyloid-beta precursor protein and Notch.
West Nile virus and dengue virus capsid protein negates the antiviral activity of human Sec3 protein through the proteasome pathway.
Phosphorylation of human MAD1 by the BUB1 kinase in vitro.
Characterization and expression of a human KCTD1 gene containing the BTB domain, which mediates transcriptional repression and homomeric interactions.
Aconitase couples metabolic regulation to mitochondrial DNA maintenance.
The role of ARGONAUTE1 (AGO1) in meristem formation and identity.
Complementary signaling pathways regulate the unfolded protein response and are required for C. elegans development.
SON is a spliceosome-associated factor required for mitotic progression.
TRIM68 regulates ligand-dependent transcription of androgen receptor in prostate cancer cells.
Hook2 contributes to aggresome formation.
HLA-B-associated transcript 3 (Bat3)/Scythe is essential for p300-mediated acetylation of p53.
A novel TRPC6 mutation that causes childhood FSGS.
The calcium-dependent protein kinase CPK28 buffers plant immunity and regulates BIK1 turnover.
The BMP-related protein radar: a maintenance factor for dorsal neuroectoderm cells?
A novel interaction between the juxtamembrane region of the p55 tumor necrosis factor receptor and phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate 5-kinase.
Maternal Nanos represses hid/skl-dependent apoptosis to maintain the germ line in Drosophila embryos.
Arabidopsis MSI1 is required for epigenetic maintenance of reproductive development.
Binding of HIV-1 Nef to a novel thioesterase enzyme correlates with Nef-mediated CD4 down-regulation.
Functional transformation of the chromatoid body in mouse spermatids requires testis-specific serine/threonine kinases.
Association of Rubisco activase with chaperonin-60beta: a possible mechanism for protecting photosynthesis during heat stress.
Requirement of Skp1-Bub1 interaction for kinetochore-mediated activation of the spindle checkpoint.
New insights into the molecular mechanism of multiple synostoses syndrome (SYNS): mutation within the GDF5 knuckle epitope causes noggin-resistance.
Phosphorylation of the WASP-VCA domain increases its affinity for the Arp2/3 complex and enhances actin polymerization by WASP.
Identification of apolipoprotein A1 and immunoglobulin as components of a serum complex that mediates activation of human sperm motility.
A small chimerically bifunctional monomeric protein: Tapes japonica lysozyme.
Decay-accelerating factor CD55 is identified as the receptor for echovirus 7 using CELICS, a rapid immuno-focal cloning method.
Histone octamer transfer by a chromatin-remodeling complex.
A novel family of phosphatidylinositol 4-kinases conserved from yeast to humans.
AMP1 and MP antagonistically regulate embryo and meristem development in Arabidopsis.
The regulation of exosome secretion: a novel function of the p53 protein.
The atypical protein kinase C-interacting protein p62 is a scaffold for NF-kappaB activation by nerve growth factor.
Screen for ISG15-crossreactive deubiquitinases.
CDC-42 controls early cell polarity and spindle orientation in C. elegans.
CDC-42 regulates PAR protein localization and function to control cellular and embryonic polarity in C. elegans.
CDCP1 is a novel marker for hematopoietic stem cells.
A histone-fold complex and FANCM form a conserved DNA-remodeling complex to maintain genome stability.
Insulin-feedback via PI3K-C2alpha activated PKBalpha/Akt1 is required for glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus counteracts the porcine intrinsic virus restriction factors-IFITM1 and Tetherin in MARC-145 cells.
RhoB is dispensable for mouse development, but it modifies susceptibility to tumor formation as well as cell adhesion and growth factor signaling in transformed cells.
Evidence that inhibition of BAX activation by BCL-2 involves its tight and preferential interaction with the BH3 domain of BAX.
The protein that binds to DNA base J in trypanosomatids has features of a thymidine hydroxylase.
The motor protein myosin 1G functions in FcγR-mediated phagocytosis.
RD20, a stress-inducible caleosin, participates in stomatal control, transpiration and drought tolerance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The yeast exosome and human PM-Scl are related complexes of 3' --> 5' exonucleases.
Structural insights into a dual-specificity histone demethylase ceKDM7A from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Reduced MAP kinase phosphatase-1 degradation after p42/p44MAPK-dependent phosphorylation.
Dephosphorylation of Cdk2 Thr160 by the cyclin-dependent kinase-interacting phosphatase KAP in the absence of cyclin.
Degradation of MyoD mediated by the SCF (MAFbx) ubiquitin ligase.
Staccato/Unc-13-4 controls secretory lysosome-mediated lumen fusion during epithelial tube anastomosis.
A fibulin-1 homolog interacts with an ADAM protease that controls cell migration in C. elegans.
Synergism between p68 RNA helicase and the transcriptional coactivators CBP and p300.
Potentiation of Smad-mediated transcriptional activation by the RNA-binding protein RBPMS.
Mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase: a third kynurenate-producing enzyme in the mammalian brain.
A frequent kinase domain mutation that changes the interaction between PI3Kalpha and the membrane.
Rictor, a novel binding partner of mTOR, defines a rapamycin-insensitive and raptor-independent pathway that regulates the cytoskeleton.
Mutational analysis of the complex of human RNase inhibitor and human eosinophil-derived neurotoxin (RNase 2).
Overexpression of a stress-inducible aldehyde dehydrogenase gene from Arabidopsis thaliana in transgenic plants improves stress tolerance.
Eukaryotic translation initiation factors 4G and 4A from Saccharomyces cerevisiae interact physically and functionally.
The three-dimensional structural basis of type II hyperprolinemia.
The GSK3-like kinase BIN2 phosphorylates and destabilizes BZR1, a positive regulator of the brassinosteroid signaling pathway in Arabidopsis.
Kinase suppressor of Ras forms a multiprotein signaling complex and modulates MEK localization.
Calreticulin Is a receptor for nuclear export.
PARP-2, A novel mammalian DNA damage-dependent poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase.
Two novel fully functional isoforms of CX3CR1 are potent HIV coreceptors.
Direct coupling between meiotic DNA replication and recombination initiation.
Gros1, a potential growth suppressor on chromosome 1: its identity to basement membrane-associated proteoglycan, leprecan.
Two-metal-Ion catalysis in adenylyl cyclase.
Staphylococcus aureus sortase, an enzyme that anchors surface proteins to the cell wall.
Identification and Functional Assessment of a New CYP2C9 Allelic Variant CYP2C9*59.
A mammalian chromatin remodeling complex with similarities to the yeast INO80 complex.
Bone morphogenetic protein-2-induced alkaline phosphatase expression is stimulated by Dlx5 and repressed by Msx2.
Directed actin polymerization is the driving force for epithelial cell-cell adhesion.
Nuclear translocation of the tumor marker pyruvate kinase M2 induces programmed cell death.
NB1 mediates surface expression of the ANCA antigen proteinase 3 on human neutrophils.
Non-selenium glutathione peroxidase without glutathione S-transferase activity from bovine ciliary body.
A C. elegans mediator protein confers regulatory selectivity on lineage-specific expression of a transcription factor gene.
The novel adaptor protein Tks4 (SH3PXD2B) is required for functional podosome formation.
Crystal structures of human bifunctional enzyme aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide transformylase/IMP cyclohydrolase in complex with potent sulfonyl-containing antifolates.
Arid5a cooperates with Sox9 to stimulate chondrocyte-specific transcription.
hnRNP U inhibits carboxy-terminal domain phosphorylation by TFIIH and represses RNA polymerase II elongation.
PRELI is a mitochondrial regulator of human primary T-helper cell apoptosis, STAT6, and Th2-cell differentiation.
Cooperation of six and eya in activation of their target genes through nuclear translocation of Eya.
Regulation of epidermal growth factor receptor traffic by the small GTPase rhoB.
Structural basis for guanine nucleotide exchange on Ran by the regulator of chromosome condensation (RCC1).
SHEPHERD is the Arabidopsis GRP94 responsible for the formation of functional CLAVATA proteins.
Eukaryotic cytosolic and mitochondrial phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetases catalyze the charging of tRNA with the meta-tyrosine.
The drosophila angiotensin-converting enzyme homologue Ance is required for spermiogenesis.
Regulation of clathrin-dependent endocytosis by diacylglycerol kinase delta: importance of kinase activity and binding to AP2alpha.
The CaMKII UNC-43 activates the MAPKKK NSY-1 to execute a lateral signaling decision required for asymmetric olfactory neuron fates.
Negative regulation of ciliary length by ciliary male germ cell-associated kinase (Mak) is required for retinal photoreceptor survival.
N6-methyladenosine modification and the YTHDF2 reader protein play cell type specific roles in lytic viral gene expression during Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus infection.
TAPA-1, the target of an antiproliferative antibody, defines a new family of transmembrane proteins.
S100P stimulates cell proliferation and survival via receptor for activated glycation end products (RAGE).
SUMOylation and SUMO-interacting motif (SIM) of metastasis tumor antigen 1 (MTA1) synergistically regulate its transcriptional repressor function.
A syntaxin 10-SNARE complex distinguishes two distinct transport routes from endosomes to the trans-Golgi in human cells.
G9a histone methyltransferase plays a dominant role in euchromatic histone H3 lysine 9 methylation and is essential for early embryogenesis.
PKR stimulates NF-kappaB irrespective of its kinase function by interacting with the IkappaB kinase complex.
T-cell receptor antagonists induce Vav phosphorylation by selective activation of Fyn kinase.
CD24 and Siglec-10 selectively repress tissue damage-induced immune responses.
Symbiotic bacteria direct expression of an intestinal bactericidal lectin.
Involvement of p21(Waf1/Cip1) in protein kinase C alpha-induced cell cycle progression.
Targeting of protein ubiquitination by BTB-Cullin 3-Roc1 ubiquitin ligases.
TANGO1 facilitates cargo loading at endoplasmic reticulum exit sites.
Chibby, a nuclear beta-catenin-associated antagonist of the Wnt/Wingless pathway.
Biosynthesis pathway of ADP-L-glycero-beta-D-manno-heptose in Escherichia coli.
The spindle protein CHICA mediates localization of the chromokinesin Kid to the mitotic spindle.
Defective ciliogenesis, embryonic lethality and severe impairment of the Sonic Hedgehog pathway caused by inactivation of the mouse complex A intraflagellar transport gene Ift122/Wdr10, partially overlapping with the DNA repair gene Med1/Mbd4.
DYX1C1 is required for axonemal dynein assembly and ciliary motility.
Inhibition of activity-dependent arc protein expression in the rat hippocampus impairs the maintenance of long-term potentiation and the consolidation of long-term memory.
Transcription-induced chromatin remodeling at the c-myc gene involves the local exchange of histone H2A.Z.
Dendritic cell nuclear protein-1, a novel depression-related protein, upregulates corticotropin-releasing hormone expression.
GCK-3, a newly identified Ste20 kinase, binds to and regulates the activity of a cell cycle-dependent ClC anion channel.
NESCA: a new NEMO/IKKgamma and TRAF6 interacting protein.
NF-kappaB/Rel-mediated regulation of the neural fate in Drosophila.
Role of PCNA-dependent stimulation of 3'-phosphodiesterase and 3'-5' exonuclease activities of human Ape2 in repair of oxidative DNA damage.
Inhibition of beta 2 integrin receptor and Syk kinase signaling in monocytes by the Src family kinase Fgr.
SUMO modification of a novel MAR-binding protein, SATB2, modulates immunoglobulin mu gene expression.
The Epstein-Barr virus BMRF-2 protein facilitates virus attachment to oral epithelial cells.
Repression by suppressor of hairless and activation by Notch are required to define a single row of single-minded expressing cells in the Drosophila embryo.
Cloning of the murine thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) receptor: Formation of a functional heteromeric complex requires interleukin 7 receptor.
MazG -- a regulator of programmed cell death in Escherichia coli.
The human homologue of the yeast DNA repair and TFIIH regulator MMS19 is an AF-1-specific coactivator of estrogen receptor.
The human cytochrome c oxidase assembly factors SCO1 and SCO2 have regulatory roles in the maintenance of cellular copper homeostasis.
A role of the cryptic gene in the correct establishment of the left-right axis.
Multiple EphB receptor tyrosine kinases shape dendritic spines in the hippocampus.
The zinc finger of the CSN-associated deubiquitinating enzyme USP15 is essential to rescue the E3 ligase Rbx1.
Co-regulation of yeast purine and phosphate pathways in response to adenylic nucleotide variations.
PRR5L degradation promotes mTORC2-mediated PKC-δ phosphorylation and cell migration downstream of Gα12.
Overexpression of different isoforms of glucosaminyl N-deacetylase/N-sulfotransferase results in distinct heparan sulfate N-sulfation patterns.
STIM is a Ca2+ sensor essential for Ca2+-store-depletion-triggered Ca2+ influx.
Hedgehog-regulated processing of Gli3 produces an anterior/posterior repressor gradient in the developing vertebrate limb.
Fat mobilization in adipose tissue is promoted by adipose triglyceride lipase.
Identification of the gene for vitamin K epoxide reductase.
Mutations in VKORC1 cause warfarin resistance and multiple coagulation factor deficiency type 2.
LPS induces the interaction of a transcription factor, LPS-induced TNF-alpha factor, and STAT6(B) with effects on multiple cytokines.
Protein phosphatase 1 (PP1) is a post-translational regulator of the mammalian circadian clock.
Mammalian homologues of the plant Tousled gene code for cell-cycle-regulated kinases with maximal activities linked to ongoing DNA replication.
AMPylation matches BiP activity to client protein load in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Microtubule-associated protein 1S, a short and ubiquitously expressed member of the microtubule-associated protein 1 family.
The transmembrane aspartates in presenilin 1 and 2 are obligatory for gamma-secretase activity and amyloid beta-protein generation.
Stimulation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase by fibroblast growth factor receptors is mediated by coordinated recruitment of multiple docking proteins.
The orphan receptor serine/threonine kinase ALK7 signals arrest of proliferation and morphological differentiation in a neuronal cell line.
RhoB is required to mediate apoptosis in neoplastically transformed cells after DNA damage.
Incomplete cytokinesis and induction of apoptosis by overexpression of the mammalian polo-like kinase, Plk3.
Functional characterization of 12 allelic variants of CYP2C8 by assessment of paclitaxel 6α-hydroxylation and amodiaquine N-deethylation.
Emerin caps the pointed end of actin filaments: evidence for an actin cortical network at the nuclear inner membrane.
Arabidopsis nph1 and npl1: blue light receptors that mediate both phototropism and chloroplast relocation.
The Rab5 effector Rabankyrin-5 regulates and coordinates different endocytic mechanisms.
Caenorhabditis elegans ivermectin receptors regulate locomotor behaviour and are functional orthologues of Haemonchus contortus receptors.
p29ING4 and p28ING5 bind to p53 and p300, and enhance p53 activity.
The last enzyme of the de novo purine synthesis pathway 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase/IMP cyclohydrolase (ATIC) plays a central role in insulin signaling and the Golgi/endosomes protein network.
Role of the mitogen-activated protein kinase Hog1p in morphogenesis and virulence of Candida albicans.
The C. elegans zyg-1 gene encodes a regulator of centrosome duplication with distinct maternal and paternal roles in the embryo.
Functional consequences of mutations in CDKL5, an X-linked gene involved in infantile spasms and mental retardation.
Disruption of the type III adenylyl cyclase gene leads to peripheral and behavioral anosmia in transgenic mice.
Expression of six transmembrane protein of prostate 2 in human adipose tissue associates with adiposity and insulin resistance.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae RuvB-like protein, Tih2p, is required for cell cycle progression and RNA polymerase II-directed transcription.
Fission yeast Tor2 promotes cell growth and represses cell differentiation.
The co-chaperone p23 controls root development through the modulation of auxin distribution in the Arabidopsis root meristem.
Paraoxonase-2 is a ubiquitously expressed protein with antioxidant properties and is capable of preventing cell-mediated oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein.
Steroid receptor coactivator-1 (SRC-1) enhances ligand-dependent and receptor-dependent cell-free transcription of chromatin.
Coupling substrate and ion binding to extracellular gate of a sodium-dependent aspartate transporter.
Salivary histatin 5 is an inhibitor of both host and bacterial enzymes implicated in periodontal disease.
RAB-10-GTPase-mediated regulation of endosomal phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate.
Light-induced growth promotion by SPA1 counteracts phytochrome-mediated growth inhibition during de-etiolation.
A RING-type ubiquitin ligase family member required to repress follicular helper T cells and autoimmunity.
Specification of muscle neurotransmitter sensitivity by a Paired-like homeodomain protein in Caenorhabditis elegans.
PtdIns4P synthesis by PI4KIIIα at the plasma membrane and its impact on plasma membrane identity.
Analysis of clathrin-mediated endocytosis of epidermal growth factor receptor by RNA interference.
Delineation of the roles of amino acids involved in the catalytic functions of Leuconostoc mesenteroides glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase.
An intracellular P2X receptor required for osmoregulation in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Transport, enzymatic activity, and stability of mutant sulfamidase (SGSH) identified in patients with mucopolysaccharidosis type III A.
Replication factor C interacts with the C-terminal side of proliferating cell nuclear antigen.
Lipopolysaccharide-binding protein-mediated Toll-like receptor 4 dimerization enables rapid signal transduction against lipopolysaccharide stimulation on membrane-associated CD14-expressing cells.
A novel splice variant of calcium and integrin-binding protein 1 mediates protein kinase D2-stimulated tumour growth by regulating angiogenesis.
Phosphorylation of tyrosine 291 enhances the ability of WASp to stimulate actin polymerization and filopodium formation. Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome protein.
RING finger protein AO7 supports NF-kappaB-mediated transcription by interacting with the transactivation domain of the p65 subunit.
MET4, a leucine zipper protein, and centromere-binding factor 1 are both required for transcriptional activation of sulfur metabolism in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A 20-kDa domain is required for phosphatidic acid-induced allosteric activation of phospholipase D from Streptomyces chromofuscus.
Improving proteolytic cleavage at the 3A/3B site of the hepatitis A virus polyprotein impairs processing and particle formation, and the impairment can be complemented in trans by 3AB and 3ABC.
Hsp31, the Escherichia coli yedU gene product, is a molecular chaperone whose activity is inhibited by ATP at high temperatures.
Targeted disruption of Na+/Ca2+ exchanger gene leads to cardiomyocyte apoptosis and defects in heartbeat.
Characterisation of human RING finger protein TRIM69, a novel testis E3 ubiquitin ligase and its subcellular localisation.
Novel coenzyme B12-dependent interconversion of isovaleryl-CoA and pivalyl-CoA.
Exon skipping in Mcl-1 results in a bcl-2 homology domain 3 only gene product that promotes cell death.
The Endoribonuclease Activity Essential for the Nonstructural Protein 11 of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus to Inhibit NLRP3 Inflammasome-Mediated IL-1β Induction.
Ubiquitin ligase Smurf1 targets TRAF family proteins for ubiquitination and degradation.
RecQL5 promotes genome stabilization through two parallel mechanisms--interacting with RNA polymerase II and acting as a helicase.
Phosphatidylserine binding of class B scavenger receptor type I, a phagocytosis receptor of testicular sertoli cells.
Cloning, characterization, and functional studies of human and mouse glycoprotein VI: a platelet-specific collagen receptor from the immunoglobulin superfamily.
beta-arrestin differentially regulates the chemokine receptor CXCR4-mediated signaling and receptor internalization, and this implicates multiple interaction sites between beta-arrestin and CXCR4.
Cloning of the SNG1 gene of Arabidopsis reveals a role for a serine carboxypeptidase-like protein as an acyltransferase in secondary metabolism.
HLA-G2, -G3, and -G4 isoforms expressed as nonmature cell surface glycoproteins inhibit NK and antigen-specific CTL cytolysis.
The CUL7 E3 ubiquitin ligase targets insulin receptor substrate 1 for ubiquitin-dependent degradation.
Autophagy genes are essential for dauer development and life-span extension in C. elegans.
Kinase activity-dependent nuclear export opposes stress-induced nuclear accumulation and retention of Hog1 mitogen-activated protein kinase in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
CRYPTOCHROME 1 is implicated in promoting R protein-mediated plant resistance to Pseudomonas syringae in Arabidopsis.
Amino acids and transaminases activity in ventricular CSF and in brain of normal and Alzheimer patients.
Regulation of Ins(3,4,5,6)P(4) signaling by a reversible kinase/phosphatase.
The role of lysine 532 in the catalytic mechanism of human topoisomerase I.
Regulation of interleukin-1- and lipopolysaccharide-induced NF-kappaB activation by alternative splicing of MyD88.
Eps8 controls actin-based motility by capping the barbed ends of actin filaments.
PRC1 is a microtubule binding and bundling protein essential to maintain the mitotic spindle midzone.
Activation of the cation channel long transient receptor potential channel 2 (LTRPC2) by hydrogen peroxide. A splice variant reveals a mode of activation independent of ADP-ribose.
AtNOS/AtNOA1 is a functional Arabidopsis thaliana cGTPase and not a nitric-oxide synthase.
Nup116p associates with the Nup82p-Nsp1p-Nup159p nucleoporin complex.
CHD5 is required for neurogenesis and has a dual role in facilitating gene expression and polycomb gene repression.
DNA polymerase-α regulates the activation of type I interferons through cytosolic RNA:DNA synthesis.
Properties of the 40 kDa antigen of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, a functional L-alanine dehydrogenase.
The stringent response of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is required for long-term survival.
HSV-1 stimulation-related protein HSRG1 inhibits viral gene transcriptional elongation by interacting with Cyclin T2.
Th1-specific cell surface protein Tim-3 regulates macrophage activation and severity of an autoimmune disease.
NIRF, a novel RING finger protein, is involved in cell-cycle regulation.
The biochemical characterization of the DNA binding activity of pKi67.
Identification and characterization of novel nicotinic receptor-associated proteins in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Regulation of NDR protein kinase by hydrophobic motif phosphorylation mediated by the mammalian Ste20-like kinase MST3.
Bark beetle controls epithelial morphogenesis by septate junction maturation in Drosophila.
Gibberellins are not required for normal stem growth in Arabidopsis thaliana in the absence of GAI and RGA.
Activation of a caspase-9-mediated apoptotic pathway by subcellular redistribution of the novel caspase recruitment domain protein TMS1.
Four novel ULBP splice variants are ligands for human NKG2D.
A multiprotein trafficking complex composed of SAP97, CASK, Veli, and Mint1 is associated with inward rectifier Kir2 potassium channels.
The human RHOX gene cluster: target genes and functional analysis of gene variants in infertile men.
Identification of the alpha-aminoadipic semialdehyde dehydrogenase-phosphopantetheinyl transferase gene, the human ortholog of the yeast LYS5 gene.
5-HT2 receptors facilitate JC polyomavirus entry.
Relative structural and functional roles of multiple deubiquitylating proteins associated with mammalian 26S proteasome.
Regulation of cardiovascular development and integrity by the heart of glass-cerebral cavernous malformation protein pathway.
Activated STAT4 has an essential role in Th1 differentiation and proliferation that is independent of its role in the maintenance of IL-12R beta 2 chain expression and signaling.
The human microcephaly protein STIL interacts with CPAP and is required for procentriole formation.
Small-interference RNA-mediated knock-down of aldehyde oxidase 1 in 3T3-L1 cells impairs adipogenesis and adiponectin release.
Both sphingomyelin synthases SMS1 and SMS2 are required for sphingomyelin homeostasis and growth in human HeLa cells.
A novel context for the 'MutT' module, a guardian of cell integrity, in a diphosphoinositol polyphosphate phosphohydrolase.
Cep76, a centrosomal protein that specifically restrains centriole reduplication.
Arabidopsis E2F1 binds a sequence present in the promoter of S-phase-regulated gene AtCDC6 and is a member of a multigene family with differential activities.
Enzymatic characterization of the target for isoniazid in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Subcellular compartmentalization of human Nfu, an iron-sulfur cluster scaffold protein, and its ability to assemble a [4Fe-4S] cluster.
Lon protease preferentially degrades oxidized mitochondrial aconitase by an ATP-stimulated mechanism.
Genome stability is ensured by temporal control of kinetochore-microtubule dynamics.
Identification of a stimulator of steroid hormone synthesis isolated from testis.
A putative serine/threonine protein kinase encoded by the segment-polarity fused gene of Drosophila.
The semaphorin 4D receptor controls invasive growth by coupling with Met.
G1P3, an interferon inducible gene 6-16, is expressed in gastric cancers and inhibits mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis in gastric cancer cell line TMK-1 cell.
A ribosome-associating factor chaperones tail-anchored membrane proteins.
HDAC4, a human histone deacetylase related to yeast HDA1, is a transcriptional corepressor.
Expression of OASIS, a CREB/ATF family transcription factor, in CNS lesion and its transcriptional activity.
A functional role for the GCC185 golgin in mannose 6-phosphate receptor recycling.
Comparative analysis of mRNA targets for human PUF-family proteins suggests extensive interaction with the miRNA regulatory system.
The minimal autoinhibited unit of the guanine nucleotide exchange factor intersectin.
Role for the silencing protein Dot1 in meiotic checkpoint control.
Receptor specificity of the fibroblast growth factor family.
IRT1, an Arabidopsis transporter essential for iron uptake from the soil and for plant growth.
Erlins restrict SREBP activation in the ER and regulate cellular cholesterol homeostasis.
West Nile virus nonstructural protein NS1 inhibits complement activation by binding the regulatory protein factor H.
Arabidopsis vacuolar H-ATPase subunit E isoform 1 is required for Golgi organization and vacuole function in embryogenesis.
The adenomatous polyposis coli-associated exchange factors Asef and Asef2 are required for adenoma formation in Apc(Min/+)mice.
The Superimposed Deubiquitination Effect of OTULIN and Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV) Nsp11 Promotes Multiplication of PRRSV.
Candidate ligand for the c-kit transmembrane kinase receptor: KL, a fibroblast derived growth factor stimulates mast cells and erythroid progenitors.
Rma1, a novel type of RING finger protein conserved from Arabidopsis to human, is a membrane-bound ubiquitin ligase.
Expression of placental leucine aminopeptidase/oxytocinase in neuronal cells and its action on neuronal peptides.
Regulation of auxin response by the protein kinase PINOID.
The heparin-binding 10 kDa fragment of connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) containing module 4 alone stimulates cell adhesion.
The Shaw-related potassium channel gene, Kv3.1, on human chromosome 11, encodes the type l K+ channel in T cells.
SOCS3 is essential in the regulation of fetal liver erythropoiesis.
Adaptor ShcA protein binds tyrosine kinase Tie2 receptor and regulates migration and sprouting but not survival of endothelial cells.
APL-1, a Caenorhabditis elegans protein related to the human beta-amyloid precursor protein, is essential for viability.
Studies on the C-terminus of the Cowpea mosaic virus movement protein.
The tumor suppressor DAL-1/4.1B modulates protein arginine N-methyltransferase 5 activity in a substrate-specific manner.
Structures of wild-type and mutant human spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase, a potential therapeutic drug target.
Direct activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase MEKK1 by the Ste20p homologue GCK and the adapter protein TRAF2.
The role of E3 in pH protection during alphavirus assembly and exit.
Proteolytic activation of alternative CCR1 ligands in inflammation.
Identification of the t complex-encoded cytoplasmic dynein light chain tctex1 in inner arm I1 supports the involvement of flagellar dyneins in meiotic drive.
Human carboxylesterases and their role in xenobiotic and endobiotic metabolism.
Vac8p, a vacuolar protein with armadillo repeats, functions in both vacuole inheritance and protein targeting from the cytoplasm to vacuole.
Connexin43 interacts with NOV: a possible mechanism for negative regulation of cell growth in choriocarcinoma cells.
Differentiation-dependent lysine 4 acetylation enhances MEF2C binding to DNA in skeletal muscle cells.
The physiologic role of CD19 cytoplasmic tyrosines.
NAADP mobilizes calcium from acidic organelles through two-pore channels.
Methionine adenosyltransferase I/III deficiency: novel mutations and clinical variations.
Ig alpha and Ig beta are required for efficient trafficking to late endosomes and to enhance antigen presentation.
Negative regulation of defense responses in plants by a conserved MAPKK kinase.
Brassinosteroid-insensitive-1 is a ubiquitously expressed leucine-rich repeat receptor serine/threonine kinase.
Two-component circuitry in Arabidopsis cytokinin signal transduction.
HtrA1 serine protease inhibits signaling mediated by Tgfbeta family proteins.
Mitochondria-associated hexokinases play a role in the control of programmed cell death in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Overlapping and non-redundant functions of the Arabidopsis auxin response factors MONOPTEROS and NONPHOTOTROPIC HYPOCOTYL 4.
Programmed cell death in Escherichia coli: some antibiotics can trigger mazEF lethality.
Alternative splicing of the sex determination gene transformer-2 is sex-specific in the germ line but not in the soma.
The Drosophila Fos-related AP-1 protein is a developmentally regulated transcription factor.
SAG101 forms a ternary complex with EDS1 and PAD4 and is required for resistance signaling against turnip crinkle virus.
Role of threonines in the Arabidopsis thaliana somatic embryogenesis receptor kinase 1 activation loop in phosphorylation.
Mitotic phosphorylation of histone H3 is governed by Ipl1/aurora kinase and Glc7/PP1 phosphatase in budding yeast and nematodes.
Homo- and heterotetrameric architecture of the epithelial Ca2+ channels TRPV5 and TRPV6.
DNA synthesis and neuronal apoptosis caused by familial Alzheimer disease mutants of the amyloid precursor protein are mediated by the p21 activated kinase PAK3.
Monoubiquitination of human histone H2B: the factors involved and their roles in HOX gene regulation.
Nuclear receptor TLX prevents retinal dystrophy and recruits the corepressor atrophin1.
Novel p19 protein engages IL-12p40 to form a cytokine, IL-23, with biological activities similar as well as distinct from IL-12.
Activation of SV40 DNA replication in vitro by cellular protein phosphatase 2A.
C-->U editing of neurofibromatosis 1 mRNA occurs in tumors that express both the type II transcript and apobec-1, the catalytic subunit of the apolipoprotein B mRNA-editing enzyme.
12/15-lipoxygenase translocation enhances site-specific actin polymerization in macrophages phagocytosing apoptotic cells.
p63 is a p53 homologue required for limb and epidermal morphogenesis.
Deletion of the G protein-coupled receptor 30 impairs glucose tolerance, reduces bone growth, increases blood pressure, and eliminates estradiol-stimulated insulin release in female mice.
Modulation of A-type potassium channels by a family of calcium sensors.
Cold shock induction of RNase R and its role in the maturation of the quality control mediator SsrA/tmRNA.
EphA1 interacts with integrin-linked kinase and regulates cell morphology and motility.
Mps3p is a novel component of the yeast spindle pole body that interacts with the yeast centrin homologue Cdc31p.
Nuclear Fragile X Mental Retardation Protein is localized to Cajal bodies.
An analysis of the function and expression of D6 on lymphatic endothelial cells.
The divergent Caenorhabditis elegans beta-catenin proteins BAR-1, WRM-1 and HMP-2 make distinct protein interactions but retain functional redundancy in vivo.
Identification and characterization of two novel human SCAN domain-containing zinc finger genes ZNF396 and ZNF397.
PICK1 is a calcium-sensor for NMDA-induced AMPA receptor trafficking.
Entry of human parechovirus 1.
Identification of APC2, a homologue of the adenomatous polyposis coli tumour suppressor.
Functional analysis of NTF-1, a developmentally regulated Drosophila transcription factor that binds neuronal cis elements.
MAQ1 and 7SK RNA interact with CDK9/cyclin T complexes in a transcription-dependent manner.
Activator-mediated recruitment of the MLL2 methyltransferase complex to the beta-globin locus.
Structural determinants of growth factor binding and specificity by VEGF receptor 2.
Rab11b is essential for recycling of transferrin to the plasma membrane.
Structural analysis of the catalytic and binding sites of Clostridium botulinum neurotoxin B.
Loss of NFAT5 results in renal atrophy and lack of tonicity-responsive gene expression.
A novel type of E3 ligase for the Ufm1 conjugation system.
The transcriptional corepressor MITR is a signal-responsive inhibitor of myogenesis.
Role of cyclin G-associated kinase in uncoating clathrin-coated vesicles from non-neuronal cells.
TPK1 is a vacuolar ion channel different from the slow-vacuolar cation channel.
Regulation of p53 by the ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes UbcH5B/C in vivo.
Analysis of adaptive mutations in Kunjin virus replicon RNA reveals a novel role for the flavivirus nonstructural protein NS2A in inhibition of beta interferon promoter-driven transcription.
Human RNase III is a 160-kDa protein involved in preribosomal RNA processing.
15-Lipoxygenase 1 interacts with phosphatidylethanolamine-binding protein to regulate MAPK signaling in human airway epithelial cells.
Structure of a novel phosphotyrosine-binding domain in Hakai that targets E-cadherin.
Embryonic morphogenesis in Caenorhabditis elegans integrates the activity of LET-502 Rho-binding kinase, MEL-11 myosin phosphatase, DAF-2 insulin receptor and FEM-2 PP2c phosphatase.
Distinct endosomal trafficking requirements for presentation of autoantigens and exogenous lipids by human CD1d molecules.
Ser298 of MITF, a mutation site in Waardenburg syndrome type 2, is a phosphorylation site with functional significance.
Genome-wide location of the coactivator mediator: Binding without activation and transient Cdk8 interaction on DNA.
Coactivator-associated arginine methyltransferase-1 enhances nuclear factor-kappaB-mediated gene transcription through methylation of histone H3 at arginine 17.
A new Arabidopsis thaliana mutant deficient in the expression of O-methyltransferase impacts lignins and sinapoyl esters.
Methyl phosphotriesters in alkylated DNA are repaired by the Ada regulatory protein of E. coli.
Integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein-1 attenuates sprouting angiogenesis.
Surface expression of MHC class II in dendritic cells is controlled by regulated ubiquitination.
A novel cellular RNA helicase, RH116, differentially regulates cell growth, programmed cell death and human immunodeficiency virus type 1 replication.
Myopodin isoforms alter the chemokinetic response of PC3 cells in response to different migration stimuli via differential effects on Rho-ROCK signaling pathways.
Viral factor TAV recruits TOR/S6K1 signalling to activate reinitiation after long ORF translation.
A protein kinase, interacting with two calcineurin B-like proteins, regulates K+ transporter AKT1 in Arabidopsis.
Spermatid differentiation requires the assembly of a cell polarity complex downstream of junctional adhesion molecule-C.
Disruption of the imprinted Grb10 gene leads to disproportionate overgrowth by an Igf2-independent mechanism.
CP110, a cell cycle-dependent CDK substrate, regulates centrosome duplication in human cells.
Adherens junction protein nectin-4 is the epithelial receptor for measles virus.
Defective platelet aggregation and increased resistance to thrombosis in purinergic P2Y(1) receptor-null mice.
Genetic and biochemical analyses of Pfh1 DNA helicase function in fission yeast.
The intracellular domain of ErbB4 induces differentiation of mammary epithelial cells.
Adipogenesis-related increase of semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase and monoamine oxidase in human adipocytes.
Ubiquitin-recognition protein Ufd1 couples the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response to cell cycle control.
Severe sensory and sympathetic neuropathies in mice carrying a disrupted Trk/NGF receptor gene.
A dual function of phyllopod in Drosophila external sensory organ development: cell fate specification of sensory organ precursor and its progeny.
GPD1L links redox state to cardiac excitability by PKC-dependent phosphorylation of the sodium channel SCN5A.
The F-BAR domain of srGAP2 induces membrane protrusions required for neuronal migration and morphogenesis.
The DLK-1 kinase promotes mRNA stability and local translation in C. elegans synapses and axon regeneration.
Different isoforms of secreted aspartyl proteinases (Sap) are expressed by Candida albicans during oral and cutaneous candidosis in vivo.
An ECT2-centralspindlin complex regulates the localization and function of RhoA.
RING domain dimerization is essential for RNF4 function.
Microbial Siderophore Enterobactin Promotes Mitochondrial Iron Uptake and Development of the Host via Interaction with ATP Synthase.
Basic amino acids preferring broad specificity aminopeptidase from human erythrocytes.
Ubiquitin-protein ligase activity of X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein promotes proteasomal degradation of caspase-3 and enhances its anti-apoptotic effect in Fas-induced cell death.
The yeast lipin Smp2 couples phospholipid biosynthesis to nuclear membrane growth.
P2X2 subunits contribute to fast synaptic excitation in myenteric neurons of the mouse small intestine.
Modulation of the helicase activity of eIF4A by eIF4B, eIF4H, and eIF4F.
DNA deoxyribophosphodiesterase of Escherichia coli is associated with exonuclease I.
Mixed nicotinic-muscarinic properties of the alpha9 nicotinic cholinergic receptor.
Clinical phenotype and functional characterization of CASQ2 mutations associated with catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
Cloning and characterization of a human electrogenic Na+-HCO-3 cotransporter isoform (hhNBC).
A novel RNA-binding nuclear protein that interacts with the fragile X mental retardation (FMR1) protein.
A DNA helicase activity is associated with an MCM4, -6, and -7 protein complex.
Phosphorylation of SCG10/stathmin-2 determines multipolar stage exit and neuronal migration rate.
Acetylation of RNA polymerase II regulates growth-factor-induced gene transcription in mammalian cells.
Dynamic interaction between the dual specificity phosphatase MKP7 and the JNK3 scaffold protein beta-arrestin 2.
Thrombospondin-4 is required for stretch-mediated contractility augmentation in cardiac muscle.
The putative wnt receptor Xenopus frizzled-7 functions upstream of beta-catenin in vertebrate dorsoventral mesoderm patterning.
Identification of multiple genes encoding membrane proteins with undecaprenyl pyrophosphate phosphatase (UppP) activity in Escherichia coli.
Identification of a major gene regulating complex social behavior.
oskar mRNA is localized to the posterior pole of the Drosophila oocyte.
Essential roles of Atg5 and FADD in autophagic cell death: dissection of autophagic cell death into vacuole formation and cell death.
Extreme sarcoplasmic reticulum volume loss and compensatory T-tubule remodeling after Serca2 knockout.
Functional and structural diversity in the Als protein family of Candida albicans.
The F-box protein Fbxo7 interacts with human inhibitor of apoptosis protein cIAP1 and promotes cIAP1 ubiquitination.
VAP-A binds promiscuously to both v- and tSNAREs.
The HA-2 minor histocompatibility antigen is derived from a diallelic gene encoding a novel human class I myosin protein.
Human pancreas-specific protein disulfide isomerase homolog (PDIp) is redox-regulated through formation of an inter-subunit disulfide bond.
Essential role of the apolipoprotein E receptor-2 in sperm development.
Local, efflux-dependent auxin gradients as a common module for plant organ formation.
Drosophila Piwi functions in Hsp90-mediated suppression of phenotypic variation.
Metabolism of retinoids and arachidonic acid by human and mouse cytochrome P450 1b1.
Mouse A6/twinfilin is an actin monomer-binding protein that localizes to the regions of rapid actin dynamics.
Reduced fertility of female mice lacking CD81.
Cloning and functional characterization of human selenophosphate synthetase, an essential component of selenoprotein synthesis.
Identification, molecular cloning, and characterization of dual leucine zipper bearing kinase. A novel serine/threonine protein kinase that defines a second subfamily of mixed lineage kinases.
Genetic and morphological evidence for two parallel pathways of cell-cycle-coupled cytokinesis in Dictyostelium.
The interferon-inducible ubiquitin-protein isopeptide ligase (E3) EFP also functions as an ISG15 E3 ligase.
Involvement of the mouse Prp19 gene in neuronal/astroglial cell fate decisions.
WAC, a functional partner of RNF20/40, regulates histone H2B ubiquitination and gene transcription.
Protein-arginine methyltransferase I, the predominant protein-arginine methyltransferase in cells, interacts with and is regulated by interleukin enhancer-binding factor 3.
Ku is a 5'-dRP/AP lyase that excises nucleotide damage near broken ends.
Recruitment of cortexillin into the cleavage furrow is controlled by Rac1 and IQGAP-related proteins.
The entire Nup107-160 complex, including three new members, is targeted as one entity to kinetochores in mitosis.
Molecular characterization and expression of the (Na+ + K+)-ATPase alpha-subunit in Drosophila melanogaster.
Activin type II receptors in embryonic dorsal root ganglion neurons of the chicken.
αvβ6- and αvβ8-integrins serve as interchangeable receptors for HSV gH/gL to promote endocytosis and activation of membrane fusion.
The novel membrane protein TMEM59 modulates complex glycosylation, cell surface expression, and secretion of the amyloid precursor protein.
Nodal antagonists in the anterior visceral endoderm prevent the formation of multiple primitive streaks.
Absence of post-translational aspartyl beta-hydroxylation of epidermal growth factor domains in mice leads to developmental defects and an increased incidence of intestinal neoplasia.
Rev-erbbeta regulates the expression of genes involved in lipid absorption in skeletal muscle cells: evidence for cross-talk between orphan nuclear receptors and myokines.
RNA- and virus-independent inhibition of antiviral signaling by RNA helicase LGP2.
FOS-1 promotes basement-membrane removal during anchor-cell invasion in C. elegans.
An N-terminal domain of Dbf4p mediates interaction with both origin recognition complex (ORC) and Rad53p and can deregulate late origin firing.
The short-chain alcohol dehydrogenase ABA2 catalyzes the conversion of xanthoxin to abscisic aldehyde.
Structural/Functional Properties of Human NFU1, an Intermediate [4Fe-4S] Carrier in Human Mitochondrial Iron-Sulfur Cluster Biogenesis.
Characterization of rat liver malonyl-CoA decarboxylase and the study of its role in regulating fatty acid metabolism.
PRL-3 and PRL-1 promote cell migration, invasion, and metastasis.
A novel ubiquitin ligase is deficient in Fanconi anemia.
Ataxin-7 associates with microtubules and stabilizes the cytoskeletal network.
The deltaC isoform of CaMKII is activated in cardiac hypertrophy and induces dilated cardiomyopathy and heart failure.
Identification of tyrosine phosphatases that dephosphorylate the insulin receptor. A brute force approach based on "substrate-trapping" mutants.
Discovering regulators of centriole biogenesis through siRNA-based functional genomics in human cells.
Myosin X regulates netrin receptors and functions in axonal path-finding.
Role of matrix metalloproteinase ZMP-2 in pathogen resistance and development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Nucleoporins directly stimulate expression of developmental and cell-cycle genes inside the nucleoplasm.
Murine embryonic fibroblasts lacking TC-PTP display delayed G1 phase through defective NF-kappaB activation.
Coupled transport of p24 family members.
Structure of acid-sensing ion channel 1 at 1.9 A resolution and low pH.
MBLR, a new RING finger protein resembling mammalian Polycomb gene products, is regulated by cell cycle-dependent phosphorylation.
Phosphorylation of Rph1, a damage-responsive repressor of PHR1 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, is dependent upon Rad53 kinase.
PRRT2 Is a Key Component of the Ca(2+)-Dependent Neurotransmitter Release Machinery.
Identification of a novel cell death receptor mediating IGFBP-3-induced anti-tumor effects in breast and prostate cancer.
DUB-3, a cytokine-inducible deubiquitinating enzyme that blocks proliferation.
Identification of a novel cellular transcriptional repressor interacting with the latent nuclear antigen of Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus.
Functional roles of charged residues in the putative voltage sensor of the HCN2 pacemaker channel.
Transcription-targeted DNA deamination by the AID antibody diversification enzyme.
Expression of recombinant human pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A and identification of the proform of eosinophil major basic protein as its physiological inhibitor.
Binding of biliverdin, bilirubin, and thyroid hormones to lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase.
Anti-lipolytic action of AMP-activated protein kinase in rodent adipocytes.
The second PDZ domain of INAD is a type I domain involved in binding to eye protein kinase C. Mutational analysis and naturally occurring variants.
IL-1 signaling cascade in liver cells and the involvement of a soluble form of the IL-1 receptor accessory protein.
Structural and functional analysis of a glycoside hydrolase family 97 enzyme from Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron.
S-nitrosylation of AtSABP3 antagonizes the expression of plant immunity.
Regulation of cystic fibrosis transmembrane regulator trafficking and protein expression by a Rho family small GTPase TC10.
The Caenorhabditis elegans sex determination protein FEM-1 is a CED-3 substrate that associates with CED-4 and mediates apoptosis in mammalian cells.
Serine Catabolism by SHMT2 Is Required for Proper Mitochondrial Translation Initiation and Maintenance of Formylmethionyl-tRNAs.
TCP14 and TCP15 affect internode length and leaf shape in Arabidopsis.
The PGL family proteins associate with germ granules and function redundantly in Caenorhabditis elegans germline development.
The DNA-binding polycomb group protein pleiohomeotic mediates silencing of a Drosophila homeotic gene.
Carboxypeptidase A3 (CPA3): a novel gene highly induced by histone deacetylase inhibitors during differentiation of prostate epithelial cancer cells.
Stu-7/air-2 is a C. elegans aurora homologue essential for chromosome segregation during embryonic and post-embryonic development.
Serpinin: a novel chromogranin A-derived, secreted peptide up-regulates protease nexin-1 expression and granule biogenesis in endocrine cells.
Role of DC-SIGN and L-SIGN receptors in HIV-1 vertical transmission.
Cloning and expression of ZAK, a mixed lineage kinase-like protein containing a leucine-zipper and a sterile-alpha motif.
Insights into DNA recombination from the structure of a RAD51-BRCA2 complex.
Global gene repression by KaiC as a master process of prokaryotic circadian system.
Human mucin 1 oncoprotein represses transcription of the p53 tumor suppressor gene.
Substitutional mutations in the uncoupling protein-specific sequences of mitochondrial uncoupling protein UCP1 lead to the reduction of fatty acid-induced H+ uniport.
GPKOW is essential for pre-mRNA splicing in vitro and suppresses splicing defect caused by dominant-negative DHX16 mutation in vivo.
The Caenorhabditis elegans F-box protein SEL-10 promotes female development and may target FEM-1 and FEM-3 for degradation by the proteasome.
Mammalian Abp1, a signal-responsive F-actin-binding protein, links the actin cytoskeleton to endocytosis via the GTPase dynamin.
Evidence that the Ipl1-Sli15 (Aurora kinase-INCENP) complex promotes chromosome bi-orientation by altering kinetochore-spindle pole connections.
The Caenorhabditis elegans sex-determining protein FEM-2 and its human homologue, hFEM-2, are Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase phosphatases that promote apoptosis.
Salt tolerance of Arabidopsis thaliana requires maturation of N-glycosylated proteins in the Golgi apparatus.
Agonist actions of dihydroergotamine at 5-HT2B and 5-HT2C receptors and their possible relevance to antimigraine efficacy.
The held out wings (how) Drosophila gene encodes a putative RNA-binding protein involved in the control of muscular and cardiac activity.
Coactivators for the orphan nuclear receptor RORalpha.
Identification of CD109 as part of the TGF-beta receptor system in human keratinocytes.
Effects of purified recombinant neural and muscle agrin on skeletal muscle fibers in vivo.
Antibacterial activity of glycosylated and phosphorylated chromogranin A-derived peptide 173-194 from bovine adrenal medullary chromaffin granules.
Structure of human Sp140 PHD finger: an atypical fold interacting with Pin1.
G-protein complex mutants are hypersensitive to abscisic acid regulation of germination and postgermination development.
Integrating the molecular and cellular basis of odor coding in the Drosophila antenna.
Transferrin receptor is necessary for development of erythrocytes and the nervous system.
The Pendred syndrome gene encodes a chloride-iodide transport protein.
hRAD17, a structural homolog of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe RAD17 cell cycle checkpoint gene, stimulates p53 accumulation.
Identification of targets for calcium signaling through the copine family of proteins. Characterization of a coiled-coil copine-binding motif.
Calmodulin is an auxiliary subunit of KCNQ2/3 potassium channels.
Overexpression of the chromosomally encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase eis confers kanamycin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Defective neural tube closure and anteroposterior patterning in mice lacking the LIM protein LMO4 or its interacting partner Deaf-1.
Cloning and characterization of human IC53-2, a novel CDK5 activator binding protein.
FtsQ, FtsL and FtsI require FtsK, but not FtsN, for co-localization with FtsZ during Escherichia coli cell division.
The DEAD box helicase, Dhh1p, functions in mRNA decapping and interacts with both the decapping and deadenylase complexes.
Endothelial and nonendothelial sources of PDGF-B regulate pericyte recruitment and influence vascular pattern formation in tumors.
Proteomic analysis of nucleoporin interacting proteins.
Intrinsic signals for the assembly of hepatitis A virus particles. Role of structural proteins VP4 and 2A.
GlcNAc-1-P-transferase-tunicamycin complex structure reveals basis for inhibition of N-glycosylation.
Involvement of the N- and C-terminal domains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis KatG in the protection of mutant Escherichia coli against DNA-damaging agents.
The Ebola virus VP35 protein functions as a type I IFN antagonist.
The Rag GTPases bind raptor and mediate amino acid signaling to mTORC1.
Different domains of the AMPA receptor direct stargazin-mediated trafficking and stargazin-mediated modulation of kinetics.
A functional link between the histone demethylase PHF8 and the transcription factor ZNF711 in X-linked mental retardation.
Expression of soluble and catalytically active plant (monocot) beta-glucosidases in E. coli.
A novel shuttling protein, 4E-T, mediates the nuclear import of the mRNA 5' cap-binding protein, eIF4E.
Molecular identification and characterization of a and b forms of the glucocorticoid receptor.
Renal and brain isoforms of WNK3 have opposite effects on NCCT expression.
A large nucleolar U3 ribonucleoprotein required for 18S ribosomal RNA biogenesis.
Arabidopsis thaliana myosin XIK is involved in root hair as well as trichome morphogenesis on stems and leaves.
BLOC-1 complex deficiency alters the targeting of adaptor protein complex-3 cargoes.
The PHD finger of the chromatin-associated protein ING2 functions as a nuclear phosphoinositide receptor.
NELF is a nuclear protein involved in hypothalamic GnRH neuronal migration.
Kin28, the TFIIH-associated carboxy-terminal domain kinase, facilitates the recruitment of mRNA processing machinery to RNA polymerase II.
LEKTI, a novel 15-domain type of human serine proteinase inhibitor.
TRIMs and Galectins Globally Cooperate and TRIM16 and Galectin-3 Co-direct Autophagy in Endomembrane Damage Homeostasis.
A secreted aminopeptidase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Identification, primary structure, and relationship to other aminopeptidases.
Gain-of-function FHF1 mutation causes early-onset epileptic encephalopathy with cerebellar atrophy.
Joubert syndrome Arl13b functions at ciliary membranes and stabilizes protein transport in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Nox4 NAD(P)H oxidase mediates hypertrophy and fibronectin expression in the diabetic kidney.
The VP1 structural protein of enterovirus 71 interacts with human ornithine decarboxylase and gene trap ankyrin repeat.
Characterization of brain ecto-apyrase: evidence for only one ecto-apyrase (CD39) gene.
Mammalian prohibitin proteins respond to mitochondrial stress and decrease during cellular senescence.
Carboxyl-terminal modulator protein (CTMP), a negative regulator of PKB/Akt and v-Akt at the plasma membrane.
Elongator function in tRNA wobble uridine modification is conserved between yeast and plants.
Identification of novel argonaute-associated proteins.
Structure and functional expression of cloned rat serotonin 5HT-2 receptor.
The identification of ATP-citrate lyase as a protein kinase B (Akt) substrate in primary adipocytes.
Evidence for licensing of IFN-gamma-induced IFN regulatory factor 1 transcription factor by MyD88 in Toll-like receptor-dependent gene induction program.
LPHN3, a presynaptic adhesion-GPCR implicated in ADHD, regulates the strength of neocortical layer 2/3 synaptic input to layer 5.
THAP1 is a nuclear proapoptotic factor that links prostate-apoptosis-response-4 (Par-4) to PML nuclear bodies.
CHL1 is a dual-affinity nitrate transporter of Arabidopsis involved in multiple phases of nitrate uptake.
CLUMSY VEIN, the Arabidopsis DEAH-box Prp16 ortholog, is required for auxin-mediated development.
Stomatin modulates gating of acid-sensing ion channels.
WW domain binding protein-2, an E6-associated protein interacting protein, acts as a coactivator of estrogen and progesterone receptors.
Human MI-ER1 alpha and beta function as transcriptional repressors by recruitment of histone deacetylase 1 to their conserved ELM2 domain.
MITOPLD is a mitochondrial protein essential for nuage formation and piRNA biogenesis in the mouse germline.
Physical and functional interaction of the Arabidopsis K(+) channel AKT2 and phosphatase AtPP2CA.
A novel Arabidopsis MYB-like transcription factor, MYBH, regulates hypocotyl elongation by enhancing auxin accumulation.
Integrin alphavbeta3 is a coreceptor for human cytomegalovirus.
mu opioid and CB1 cannabinoid receptor interactions: reciprocal inhibition of receptor signaling and neuritogenesis.
Effect of clinical mutations on functionality of the human riboflavin transporter-2 (hRFT-2).
Pitx3 regulates tyrosine hydroxylase expression in the substantia nigra and identifies a subgroup of mesencephalic dopaminergic progenitor neurons during mouse development.
Direct evidence for mRNA binding and post-transcriptional regulation by Escherichia coli aconitases.
Inhibition of cell movement and proliferation by cell-cell contact-induced interaction of Necl-5 with nectin-3.
The kinesin KIF1Bbeta acts downstream from EglN3 to induce apoptosis and is a potential 1p36 tumor suppressor.
Ephrin-A1 is a negative regulator in glioma through down-regulation of EphA2 and FAK.
MuSK expressed in the brain mediates cholinergic responses, synaptic plasticity, and memory formation.
Sequential and distinct roles of the cadherin domain-containing protein Axl2p in cell polarization in yeast cell cycle.
From organelle to organ: ZRIZI MATE-Type transporter is an organelle transporter that enhances organ initiation.
Differential regulation of estrogen receptor α expression in breast cancer cells by metastasis-associated protein 1.
The three-dimensional structure of foot-and-mouth disease virus at 2.9 A resolution.
Betacellulin activates the epidermal growth factor receptor and erbB-4, and induces cellular response patterns distinct from those stimulated by epidermal growth factor or neuregulin-beta.
RA-GEF, a novel Rap1A guanine nucleotide exchange factor containing a Ras/Rap1A-associating domain, is conserved between nematode and humans.
Human MIEF1 recruits Drp1 to mitochondrial outer membranes and promotes mitochondrial fusion rather than fission.
Proteasomes and RARS modulate AIMP1/EMAP II secretion in human cancer cell lines.
Protein tyrosine kinase PYK2 involved in Ca(2+)-induced regulation of ion channel and MAP kinase functions.
The breakdown of autophagic vesicles inside the vacuole depends on Aut4p.
Identification of singles bar as a direct transcriptional target of Drosophila Myocyte enhancer factor-2 and a regulator of adult myoblast fusion.
Arabidopsis abi1-1 and abi2-1 phosphatase mutations reduce abscisic acid-induced cytoplasmic calcium rises in guard cells.
Molecular and functional analysis of two new MTTP gene mutations in an atypical case of abetalipoproteinemia.
Cloning and characterization of Vitis vinifera UDP-glucose:flavonoid 3-O-glucosyltransferase, a homologue of the enzyme encoded by the maize Bronze-1 locus that may primarily serve to glucosylate anthocyanidins in vivo.
The transcriptional repressor GFI-1 antagonizes PU.1 activity through protein-protein interaction.
TIP150 interacts with and targets MCAK at the microtubule plus ends.
Brassinosteroid-insensitive dwarf mutants of Arabidopsis accumulate brassinosteroids.
TRIM32 is an E3 ubiquitin ligase for dysbindin.
SIN1/MIP1 maintains rictor-mTOR complex integrity and regulates Akt phosphorylation and substrate specificity.
An alternative form of replication protein a prevents viral replication in vitro.
Signal-induced degradation of I kappa B alpha requires site-specific ubiquitination.
Manipulation of Arabidopsis fatty acid amide hydrolase expression modifies plant growth and sensitivity to N-acylethanolamines.
Curvature of clathrin-coated pits driven by epsin.
Proteinase-activated receptors, targets for kallikrein signaling.
Mutacin H-29B is identical to mutacin II (J-T8).
Wwp2-mediated ubiquitination of the RNA polymerase II large subunit in mouse embryonic pluripotent stem cells.
Insights into the molecular basis of leukocyte tethering and rolling revealed by structures of P- and E-selectin bound to SLe(X) and PSGL-1.
Inflammation-induced up-regulation of protein kinase Cgamma immunoreactivity in rat spinal cord correlates with enhanced nociceptive processing.
Requirement of the transmembrane semaphorin Sema4C for myogenic differentiation.
B cell progenitors are arrested in maturation but have intact VDJ recombination in the absence of Ig-alpha and Ig-beta.
PldB, a putative phospholipase D homologue in Dictyostelium discoideum mediates quorum sensing during development.
Physiological levels of tumstatin, a fragment of collagen IV alpha3 chain, are generated by MMP-9 proteolysis and suppress angiogenesis via alphaV beta3 integrin.
Virus-specific activation of a novel interferon regulatory factor, IRF-5, results in the induction of distinct interferon alpha genes.
Biochemical characterization of the catalytic domain of human matrix metalloproteinase 19. Evidence for a role as a potent basement membrane degrading enzyme.
Functional Characterization of Germline Mutations in PDGFB and PDGFRB in Primary Familial Brain Calcification.
Polymorphism in human cytomegalovirus UL40 impacts on recognition of human leukocyte antigen-E (HLA-E) by natural killer cells.
Zona-binding inhibitory factor-1 from human follicular fluid is an isoform of glycodelin.
Characterization of Bax-sigma, a cell death-inducing isoform of Bax.
Teashirt 3 is necessary for ureteral smooth muscle differentiation downstream of SHH and BMP4.
Simultaneous expression of leukocyte-type 12-lipoxygenase and reticulocyte-type 15-lipoxygenase in rabbits.
Purification of the RelB and RelE proteins of Escherichia coli: RelE binds to RelB and to ribosomes.
Two novel brain-specific splice variants of the murine Cbeta gene of cAMP-dependent protein kinase.
Transcription factors TFE3 and TFEB are critical for CD40 ligand expression and thymus-dependent humoral immunity.
TBC1D7 is a third subunit of the TSC1-TSC2 complex upstream of mTORC1.
Bcl-2 and Bcl-XL regulate proinflammatory caspase-1 activation by interaction with NALP1.
Temperature-sensitive alleles of RSW2 link the KORRIGAN endo-1,4-beta-glucanase to cellulose synthesis and cytokinesis in Arabidopsis.
SIRT1 undergoes alternative splicing in a novel auto-regulatory loop with p53.
Biological functions of the ISWI chromatin remodeling complex NURF.
A conserved threonine residue in the juxtamembrane domain of the XA21 pattern recognition receptor is critical for kinase autophosphorylation and XA21-mediated immunity.
C. elegans PAR-3 and PAR-6 are required for apicobasal asymmetries associated with cell adhesion and gastrulation.
DBC1 is a negative regulator of SIRT1.
Helix unwinding and base flipping enable human MTERF1 to terminate mitochondrial transcription.
Evidence for a role for the Dictyostelium Rap1 in cell viability and the response to osmotic stress.
p204 protein overcomes the inhibition of the differentiation of P19 murine embryonal carcinoma cells to beating cardiac myocytes by Id proteins.
Jumonji is a nuclear protein that participates in the negative regulation of cell growth.
Structures of human folate receptors reveal biological trafficking states and diversity in folate and antifolate recognition.
Shank3-Rich2 interaction regulates AMPA receptor recycling and synaptic long-term potentiation.
The mammalian exosome mediates the efficient degradation of mRNAs that contain AU-rich elements.
The lectin domain of UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine: polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase-T4 directs its glycopeptide specificities.
Characterization of the mitochondrial protein LETM1, which maintains the mitochondrial tubular shapes and interacts with the AAA-ATPase BCS1L.
VDUP1 upregulated by TGF-beta1 and 1,25-dihydorxyvitamin D3 inhibits tumor cell growth by blocking cell-cycle progression.
Components of the REST/CoREST/histone deacetylase repressor complex are disrupted, modified, and translocated in HSV-1-infected cells.
Regulation of Rev1 by the Fanconi anemia core complex.
Cloning of rat and mouse P2Y purinoceptors.
Mutations in SLC1A4, encoding the brain serine transporter, are associated with developmental delay, microcephaly and hypomyelination.
Identity of an estrogen membrane receptor coupled to a G protein in human breast cancer cells.
Nuclear export of microRNA precursors.
MRP8 and MRP14 control microtubule reorganization during transendothelial migration of phagocytes.
Autotaxin (NPP-2), a metastasis-enhancing motogen, is an angiogenic factor.
Dual functions of largest NURF subunit NURF301 in nucleosome sliding and transcription factor interactions.
RNase III cleavages in non-coding leaders of Escherichia coli transcripts control mRNA stability and genetic expression.
Structure of yeast poly(A) polymerase in complex with a peptide from Fip1, an intrinsically disordered protein.
Reconstitution of the transcription factor TFIIH: assignment of functions for the three enzymatic subunits, XPB, XPD, and cdk7.
mus304 encodes a novel DNA damage checkpoint protein required during Drosophila development.
SPAP2, an Ig family receptor containing both ITIMs and ITAMs.
Involvement of a novel zinc finger protein, MIZF, in transcriptional repression by interacting with a methyl-CpG-binding protein, MBD2.
APCs express DCIR, a novel C-type lectin surface receptor containing an immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif.
The breast cancer beta 4 integrin and endothelial human CLCA2 mediate lung metastasis.
Identification of essential residues for catalysis of rat intestinal phospholipase B/lipase.
The FUS3 transcription factor functions through the epidermal regulator TTG1 during embryogenesis in Arabidopsis.
Mutation in exon 1f of PLEC, leading to disruption of plectin isoform 1f, causes autosomal-recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy.
Ack1 mediates Cdc42-dependent cell migration and signaling to p130Cas.
Binding of the Drosophila cytokine Spätzle to Toll is direct and establishes signaling.
Integrins αvβ3 and α4β1 act as coreceptors for fractalkine, and the integrin-binding defective mutant of fractalkine is an antagonist of CX3CR1.
Three novel sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA) 3 isoforms. Expression, regulation, and function of the membranes of the SERCA3 family.
Cloning and characterization of PIMT, a protein with a methyltransferase domain, which interacts with and enhances nuclear receptor coactivator PRIP function.
Drosophila MUS312 and the vertebrate ortholog BTBD12 interact with DNA structure-specific endonucleases in DNA repair and recombination.
Coordination of structure-specific nucleases by human SLX4/BTBD12 is required for DNA repair.
Calcium-dependent phospholipid scrambling by TMEM16F.
Production and activation of matrix metalloproteinase-2 in proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Cloning of DPK, a novel dendritic cell-derived protein kinase activating the ERK1/ERK2 and JNK/SAPK pathways.
Reciprocal regulation of Wnt and Gpr177/mouse Wntless is required for embryonic axis formation.
A novel CLN8 mutation in late-infantile-onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (LINCL) reveals aspects of CLN8 neurobiological function.
Isolation and characterization of the C-terminal nuclease domain from the RecB protein of Escherichia coli.
Activation of the JNK pathway during dorsal closure in Drosophila requires the mixed lineage kinase, slipper.
Fe65 is required for Tip60-directed histone H4 acetylation at DNA strand breaks.
eIF4G is required for the pioneer round of translation in mammalian cells.
Purification and cloning of a broad substrate specificity human liver carboxylesterase that catalyzes the hydrolysis of cocaine and heroin.
Identification of a cellulose synthase-associated protein required for cellulose biosynthesis.
Peptidoglycan recognition proteins: a novel family of four human innate immunity pattern recognition molecules.
Regulation of extranuclear PtdIns5P production by phosphatidylinositol phosphate 4-kinase 2alpha.
The Caenorhabditis elegans unc-63 gene encodes a levamisole-sensitive nicotinic acetylcholine receptor alpha subunit.
The Drosophila F box protein archipelago regulates dMyc protein levels in vivo.
Negative control of photoreceptor development in Drosophila by the product of the yan gene, an ETS domain protein.
Cloning and characterization of the human soluble adenylyl cyclase.
LDL-receptor-related protein 6 is a receptor for Dickkopf proteins.
Functional properties of multiple isoforms of human divalent metal-ion transporter 1 (DMT1).
Structural analysis of Notch-regulating Rumi reveals basis for pathogenic mutations.
A new long form of Sox5 (L-Sox5), Sox6 and Sox9 are coexpressed in chondrogenesis and cooperatively activate the type II collagen gene.
Functional characterization of mutations in the myosin Vb gene associated with microvillus inclusion disease.
Calcium-stimulated adenylyl cyclase activity is critical for hippocampus-dependent long-term memory and late phase LTP.
The osmoreactive betaine carrier BetP from Corynebacterium glutamicum is a sensor for cytoplasmic K+.
Activation of NK cells by an endocytosed receptor for soluble HLA-G.
Imidazoline receptor antisera-selected (IRAS) cDNA: cloning and characterization.
Long-range electrostatic complementarity governs substrate recognition by human chymotrypsin C, a key regulator of digestive enzyme activation.
The Drosophila Mst ortholog, hippo, restricts growth and cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis.
Serine 732 phosphorylation of FAK by Cdk5 is important for microtubule organization, nuclear movement, and neuronal migration.
hippo encodes a Ste-20 family protein kinase that restricts cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis in conjunction with salvador and warts.
Crystal structure of human myosin 1c--the motor in GLUT4 exocytosis: implications for Ca2+ regulation and 14-3-3 binding.
The specificity of the CRM1-Rev nuclear export signal interaction is mediated by RanGTP.
Distinct RNP complexes of shuttling hnRNP proteins with pre-mRNA and mRNA: candidate intermediates in formation and export of mRNA.
Linkage between ATP consumption and mechanical unfolding during the protein processing reactions of an AAA+ degradation machine.
Function of the mammalian La protein: evidence for its action in transcription termination by RNA polymerase III.
Mitochondrial iron detoxification is a primary function of frataxin that limits oxidative damage and preserves cell longevity.
Overexpression of the Rho-guanine nucleotide exchange factor ECT2 inhibits nuclear translocation of nuclear receptor CAR in the mouse liver.
Structural basis of preinitiation complex assembly on human pol II promoters.
Nesprin-3, a novel outer nuclear membrane protein, associates with the cytoskeletal linker protein plectin.
Isolation of human NURF: a regulator of Engrailed gene expression.
Temperature-sensitive defects in paramyotonia congenita mutants R1448C and T1313M.
Interaction of PIMT with transcriptional coactivators CBP, p300, and PBP differential role in transcriptional regulation.
In vitro formation and characterization of the skeletal muscle α·β tropomyosin heterodimers.
trans-Complementation of yellow fever virus NS1 reveals a role in early RNA replication.
abdA expression in Drosophila embryos.
MUL1 acts in parallel to the PINK1/parkin pathway in regulating mitofusin and compensates for loss of PINK1/parkin.
MEF2C DNA-binding activity is inhibited through its interaction with the regulatory protein Ki-1/57.
UNC-83 IS a KASH protein required for nuclear migration and is recruited to the outer nuclear membrane by a physical interaction with the SUN protein UNC-84.
Mother-daughter precursor cell fate transformation after Cdc2 down-regulation in the Drosophila bristle lineage.
Function of MYO7A in the human RPE and the validity of shaker1 mice as a model for Usher syndrome 1B.
Small peptides switch the transcriptional activity of Shavenbaby during Drosophila embryogenesis.
MBTPS2 mutations cause defective regulated intramembrane proteolysis in X-linked osteogenesis imperfecta.
The HCL gene of Medicago truncatula controls Rhizobium-induced root hair curling.
The 65 kDa mannoprotein gene of Candida albicans encodes a putative beta-glucanase adhesin required for hyphal morphogenesis and experimental pathogenicity.
Activation of NK cell-mediated cytotoxicity by a SAP-independent receptor of the CD2 family.
Role of hPHF1 in H3K27 methylation and Hox gene silencing.
The endogenous ligand Stunted of the GPCR Methuselah extends lifespan in Drosophila.
Caldendrin-Jacob: a protein liaison that couples NMDA receptor signalling to the nucleus.
The role of the individual Lhcas in photosystem I excitation energy trapping.
Molecular identification of NAT8 as the enzyme that acetylates cysteine S-conjugates to mercapturic acids.
Structure of the cytochrome complex SoxXA of Paracoccus pantotrophus, a heme enzyme initiating chemotrophic sulfur oxidation.
STAG2 and Rad21 mammalian mitotic cohesins are implicated in meiosis.
Plexin-B3 is a functional receptor for semaphorin 5A.
Agmatine is efficiently transported by non-neuronal monoamine transporters extraneuronal monoamine transporter (EMT) and organic cation transporter 2 (OCT2).
Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipoproteins directly regulate human memory CD4(+) T cell activation via Toll-like receptors 1 and 2.
DRAKs, novel serine/threonine kinases related to death-associated protein kinase that trigger apoptosis.
The RPN1 subunit of the 26S proteasome in Arabidopsis is essential for embryogenesis.
An S-locus-related gene in Arabidopsis encodes a functional kinase and produces two classes of transcripts.
Bim: a novel member of the Bcl-2 family that promotes apoptosis.
Agrobacterium T-DNA integration into the plant genome can occur without the activity of key non-homologous end-joining proteins.
Discoidin domain receptor 2 regulates fibroblast proliferation and migration through the extracellular matrix in association with transcriptional activation of matrix metalloproteinase-2.
Roadkill attenuates Hedgehog responses through degradation of Cubitus interruptus.
Cortical dynein and asymmetric membrane elongation coordinately position the spindle in anaphase.
RsrA, an anti-sigma factor regulated by redox change.
Crystal structure of RS21-C6, involved in nucleoside triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolysis.
The transcription factor Bright associates with Bruton's tyrosine kinase, the defective protein in immunodeficiency disease.
Rice SERK1 gene positively regulates somatic embryogenesis of cultured cell and host defense response against fungal infection.
Ras regulates assembly of mitogenic signalling complexes through the effector protein IMP.
Identification of a gene, ABCG5, important in the regulation of dietary cholesterol absorption.
Mutations in Cdh23, encoding a new type of cadherin, cause stereocilia disorganization in waltzer, the mouse model for Usher syndrome type 1D.
A new superoxide-generating oxidase in murine osteoclasts.
Chromosome separation and exit from mitosis in budding yeast: dependence on growth revealed by cAMP-mediated inhibition.
Glucose dehydrogenase from the thermoacidophilic archaebacterium Sulfolobus solfataricus.
Eiger, a TNF superfamily ligand that triggers the Drosophila JNK pathway.
The proprotein convertase PCSK9 induces the degradation of low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) and its closest family members VLDLR and ApoER2.
Fer and Fps/Fes participate in a Lyn-dependent pathway from FcepsilonRI to platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule 1 to limit mast cell activation.
Transmembrane segment 6 of the Glut1 glucose transporter is an outer helix and contains amino acid side chains essential for transport activity.
Transcription repression by Xenopus ET and its human ortholog TBX3, a gene involved in ulnar-mammary syndrome.
Selective binding of imatinib to the genetic variants of human alpha1-acid glycoprotein.
Purification and properties of 7, 8-diaminopelargonic acid aminotransferase.
MKP-7, a novel mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase, functions as a shuttle protein.
subito encodes a kinesin-like protein required for meiotic spindle pole formation in Drosophila melanogaster.
ALL1 fusion proteins induce deregulation of EphA7 and ERK phosphorylation in human acute leukemias.
Cordon-bleu is an actin nucleation factor and controls neuronal morphology.
MERIT40 controls BRCA1-Rap80 complex integrity and recruitment to DNA double-strand breaks.
Differential gene expression during capillary morphogenesis in 3D collagen matrices: regulated expression of genes involved in basement membrane matrix assembly, cell cycle progression, cellular differentiation and G-protein signaling.
TNIK, a novel member of the germinal center kinase family that activates the c-Jun N-terminal kinase pathway and regulates the cytoskeleton.
Cytoplasmic PML function in TGF-beta signalling.
Third isoform of the prostaglandin-E-receptor EP3 subtype with different C-terminal tail coupling to both stimulation and inhibition of adenylate cyclase.
SoxAX binding protein, a novel component of the thiosulfate-oxidizing multienzyme system in the green sulfur bacterium Chlorobium tepidum.
Fsp27 promotes lipid droplet growth by lipid exchange and transfer at lipid droplet contact sites.
Mitotic effects of a constitutively active mutant of the Xenopus polo-like kinase Plx1.
A role for Sam68 in cell cycle progression antagonized by a spliced variant within the KH domain.
dFezf/Earmuff maintains the restricted developmental potential of intermediate neural progenitors in Drosophila.
Human Nei-like protein NEIL3 has AP lyase activity specific for single-stranded DNA and confers oxidative stress resistance in Escherichia coli mutant.
Src family kinases negatively regulate platelet-derived growth factor alpha receptor-dependent signaling and disease progression.
Mutations in TKT Are the Cause of a Syndrome Including Short Stature, Developmental Delay, and Congenital Heart Defects.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of human metalloprotease 1: a novel member of the pitrilysin family of metalloendoproteases.
The heterodimeric amino acid transporter 4F2hc/y+LAT2 mediates arginine efflux in exchange with glutamine.
Identification and function of the pdxY gene, which encodes a novel pyridoxal kinase involved in the salvage pathway of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate biosynthesis in Escherichia coli K-12.
Allele-dependent changes of olivocerebellar circuit properties in the absence of the voltage-gated potassium channels Kv3.1 and Kv3.3.
Foxn4 acts synergistically with Mash1 to specify subtype identity of V2 interneurons in the spinal cord.
Entry of coxsackievirus A9 into host cells: specific interactions with alpha v beta 3 integrin, the vitronectin receptor.
The apoptosis-inducing protein kinase DRAK2 is inhibited in a calcium-dependent manner by the calcium-binding protein CHP.
Hippo signaling regulates Yorkie nuclear localization and activity through 14-3-3 dependent and independent mechanisms.
Heteromeric NMDA receptors: molecular and functional distinction of subtypes.
WIPI-1alpha (WIPI49), a member of the novel 7-bladed WIPI protein family, is aberrantly expressed in human cancer and is linked to starvation-induced autophagy.
A direct interaction between the RAG2 C terminus and the core histones is required for efficient V(D)J recombination.
A 193-amino acid fragment of the SARS coronavirus S protein efficiently binds angiotensin-converting enzyme 2.
PI3 kinase enhancer-Homer complex couples mGluRI to PI3 kinase, preventing neuronal apoptosis.
Functional evolution of C(4) pyruvate, orthophosphate dikinase.
Disruption of hyaluronan synthase-2 abrogates normal cardiac morphogenesis and hyaluronan-mediated transformation of epithelium to mesenchyme.
Dpp and Notch specify the fusion cell fate in the dorsal branches of the Drosophila trachea.
Immune control of tuberculosis by IFN-gamma-inducible LRG-47.
BRCT repeats as phosphopeptide-binding modules involved in protein targeting.
Disruption of a gene encoding C4-dicarboxylate transporter-like protein increases ozone sensitivity through deregulation of the stomatal response in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Formation process of autophagosome is traced with Apg8/Aut7p in yeast.
Cloning and expression of cDNAs encoding alpha1,3-fucosyltransferase homologues from Arabidopsis thaliana.
ANCHR mediates Aurora-B-dependent abscission checkpoint control through retention of VPS4.
The human homolog of yeast BRE1 functions as a transcriptional coactivator through direct activator interactions.
Structural insights into differences in drug-binding selectivity between two forms of human alpha1-acid glycoprotein genetic variants, the A and F1*S forms.
Identification of a novel mitochondrial complex containing mitofusin 2 and stomatin-like protein 2.
Apolipoprotein C-I binds free fatty acids and reduces their intracellular esterification.
The Drosophila Mre11/Rad50 complex is required to prevent both telomeric fusion and chromosome breakage.
Impaired induction of the jasmonate pathway in the rice mutant hebiba.
Expression, purification and spectroscopic characterization of the cytochrome P450 CYP121 from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Cutting edge: interleukin 17 signals through a heteromeric receptor complex.
Multiple-myeloma-related WHSC1/MMSET isoform RE-IIBP is a histone methyltransferase with transcriptional repression activity.
Asef2 functions as a Cdc42 exchange factor and is stimulated by the release of an autoinhibitory module from a concealed C-terminal activation element.
Homozygous defects in LMNA, encoding lamin A/C nuclear-envelope proteins, cause autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy in human (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disorder type 2) and mouse.
Negative regulation of toll-like receptor-mediated signaling by Tollip.
Unc119, a novel activator of Lck/Fyn, is essential for T cell activation.
The ATRX syndrome protein forms a chromatin-remodeling complex with Daxx and localizes in promyelocytic leukemia nuclear bodies.
IRBIT, an inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor-binding protein, specifically binds to and activates pancreas-type Na+/HCO3- cotransporter 1 (pNBC1).
Acetylation and phosphorylation of SRSF2 control cell fate decision in response to cisplatin.
Cloning of a novel component of A-type K+ channels operating at subthreshold potentials with unique expression in heart and brain.
NDRG1 is necessary for p53-dependent apoptosis.
Fc receptor-like 3 protein expressed on IL-2 nonresponsive subset of human regulatory T cells.
Novel stress-responsive genes EMG1 and NOP14 encode conserved, interacting proteins required for 40S ribosome biogenesis.
Loss of DExD/H box RNA helicase LGP2 manifests disparate antiviral responses.
Decreased basal mucus secretion by Slp2-a-deficient gastric surface mucous cells.
Comprehensive analysis of the ICEN (Interphase Centromere Complex) components enriched in the CENP-A chromatin of human cells.
Mouse numb is an essential gene involved in cortical neurogenesis.
Critical roles for collagenase-3 (Mmp13) in development of growth plate cartilage and in endochondral ossification.
The structural basis for selective binding of non-methylated CpG islands by the CFP1 CXXC domain.
Deletion of clustered O-linked carbohydrates does not impair function of low density lipoprotein receptor in transfected fibroblasts.
Switching of Ca2+-dependent inactivation of Ca(v)1.3 channels by calcium binding proteins of auditory hair cells.
The Caenorhabditis elegans hif-1 gene encodes a bHLH-PAS protein that is required for adaptation to hypoxia.
mig-38, a novel gene that regulates distal tip cell turning during gonadogenesis in C. elegans hermaphrodites.
The RACK1 signaling scaffold protein selectively interacts with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis virulence function.
Autophagy mediates the mitotic senescence transition.
Control of Cdc14 activity coordinates cell cycle and development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The HeLa cell receptor for enterovirus 70 is decay-accelerating factor (CD55).
Isolation and characterization of the hypoxia-inducible factor 1beta in Drosophila melanogaster.
ABIN-1 binds to NEMO/IKKgamma and co-operates with A20 in inhibiting NF-kappaB.
Functional distinction of human EAG1 and EAG2 potassium channels.
The peroxin pex3p initiates membrane assembly in peroxisome biogenesis.
NCYM, a Cis-antisense gene of MYCN, encodes a de novo evolved protein that inhibits GSK3β resulting in the stabilization of MYCN in human neuroblastomas.
A role for SNX5 in the regulation of macropinocytosis.
no child left behind encodes a novel chromatin factor required for germline stem cell maintenance in males but not females.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a nitrobenzylthioinosine-insensitive (ei) equilibrative nucleoside transporter from human placenta.
Ulk1-mediated phosphorylation of AMPK constitutes a negative regulatory feedback loop.
Two Toc34 homologues with different properties.
A protein kinase similar to MAP kinase activator acts downstream of the raf kinase in Drosophila.
Increased dosage of a sir-2 gene extends lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning and expression of the human kv4.3 potassium channel.
Purification and characterization of a hydroxamic acid glucoside beta-glucosidase from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) seedlings.
Drosophila Cup is an eIF4E-binding protein that functions in Smaug-mediated translational repression.
CHP2 activates the calcineurin/nuclear factor of activated T cells signaling pathway and enhances the oncogenic potential of HEK293 cells.
Encephalomyocarditis viral protein 2A localizes to nucleoli and inhibits cap-dependent mRNA translation.
MIDAS/GPP34, a nuclear gene product, regulates total mitochondrial mass in response to mitochondrial dysfunction.
Epilepsy-related ligand/receptor complex LGI1 and ADAM22 regulate synaptic transmission.
Distinct cytoplasmic maturation steps of 40S ribosomal subunit precursors require hRio2.
The Raf-like Kinase ILK1 and the High Affinity K+ Transporter HAK5 Are Required for Innate Immunity and Abiotic Stress Response.
Roles of Armadillo, a Drosophila catenin, during central nervous system development.
Rng2p, a protein required for cytokinesis in fission yeast, is a component of the actomyosin ring and the spindle pole body.
Structure of class C GPCR metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 transmembrane domain.
Enzymatic properties of mouse 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 1 alpha-hydroxylase expressed in Escherichia coli.
Loss of A-type lamin expression compromises nuclear envelope integrity leading to muscular dystrophy.
Conserved locus-specific silencing functions of Schizosaccharomyces pombe sir2+.
Phosphoinositide 3-kinase signaling pathway mediated by p110α regulates invadopodia formation.
A signaling mucin at the head of the Cdc42- and MAPK-dependent filamentous growth pathway in yeast.
The after-hours mutant reveals a role for Fbxl3 in determining mammalian circadian period.
Dicer functions in RNA interference and in synthesis of small RNA involved in developmental timing in C. elegans.
Neurons regulate extracellular levels of amyloid beta-protein via proteolysis by insulin-degrading enzyme.
Actin-bound structures of Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein (WASP)-homology domain 2 and the implications for filament assembly.
Isolation and identification of the third subunit of mammalian DNA polymerase delta by PCNA-affinity chromatography of mouse FM3A cell extracts.
Clinical spectrum of obesity and mutations in the melanocortin 4 receptor gene.
The adaptor protein Grb14 regulates the localization of 3-phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1.
A role for Ctr9p and Paf1p in the regulation G1 cyclin expression in yeast.
Cutting edge: a role for the adaptor protein LAT in human NK cell-mediated cytotoxicity.
Cofactors of serine racemase that physiologically stimulate the synthesis of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor coagonist D-serine.
Recruitment of the yeast MADS-box proteins, ArgRI and Mcm1 by the pleiotropic factor ArgRIII is required for their stability.
A proteolytic cascade of kallikreins in the stratum corneum.
The non-structural protein 4A of dengue virus is an integral membrane protein inducing membrane alterations in a 2K-regulated manner.
ASAP, a novel protein complex involved in RNA processing and apoptosis.
Identification and characterization of Nek6 protein kinase, a potential human homolog of NIMA histone H3 kinase.
Mechanical link between cohesion establishment and DNA replication: Ctf7p/Eco1p, a cohesion establishment factor, associates with three different replication factor C complexes.
Human acid sphingomyelinase. Isolation, nucleotide sequence and expression of the full-length and alternatively spliced cDNAs.
Txk, a member of the non-receptor tyrosine kinase of the Tec family, forms a complex with poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1 and elongation factor 1alpha and regulates interferon-gamma gene transcription in Th1 cells.
A 3' exonuclease that specifically interacts with the 3' end of histone mRNA.
Mutation in ankyrin repeats of the mouse Notch2 gene induces early embryonic lethality.
Arabidopsis thaliana ethylene-responsive element binding protein (AtEBP), an ethylene-inducible, GCC box DNA-binding protein interacts with an ocs element binding protein.
p53CSV, a novel p53-inducible gene involved in the p53-dependent cell-survival pathway.
The Drosophila Bruton's tyrosine kinase (Btk) homolog is required for adult survival and male genital formation.
hCTR9, a component of Paf1 complex, participates in the transcription of interleukin 6-responsive genes through regulation of STAT3-DNA interactions.
Shar-pei mediates cell proliferation arrest during imaginal disc growth in Drosophila.
Synergism between Pax-8 and lim-1 in embryonic kidney development.
FOG-2, a heart- and brain-enriched cofactor for GATA transcription factors.
CEP90 is required for the assembly and centrosomal accumulation of centriolar satellites, which is essential for primary cilia formation.
Cloning and characterization of a novel mouse myeloid DAP12-associated receptor family.
Expression of the fibroblast activation protein during mouse embryo development.
The Schizosaccharomyces pombe hst4(+) gene is a SIR2 homologue with silencing and centromeric functions.
The AtNFS2 gene from Arabidopsis thaliana encodes a NifS-like plastidial cysteine desulphurase.
Structural insight into the inhibition of human kynurenine aminotransferase I/glutamine transaminase K.
HIP1 and HIP1r stabilize receptor tyrosine kinases and bind 3-phosphoinositides via epsin N-terminal homology domains.
Hyperthermostable acetyl xylan esterase.
Inactivation of the glucose 6-phosphate transporter causes glycogen storage disease type 1b.
Wash functions downstream of Rho and links linear and branched actin nucleation factors.
MID1, mutated in Opitz syndrome, encodes an ubiquitin ligase that targets phosphatase 2A for degradation.
Identification of Grb4/Nckbeta, a src homology 2 and 3 domain-containing adapter protein having similar binding and biological properties to Nck.
AGAMOUS-LIKE 24, a dosage-dependent mediator of the flowering signals.
Sorting nexin-2 is associated with tubular elements of the early endosome, but is not essential for retromer-mediated endosome-to-TGN transport.
EpsinR: an AP1/clathrin interacting protein involved in vesicle trafficking.
The coiled-coil membrane protein golgin-84 is a novel rab effector required for Golgi ribbon formation.
The nonhelical tail domain of keratin 14 promotes filament bundling and enhances the mechanical properties of keratin intermediate filaments in vitro.
Mutations in the SPG3A gene encoding the GTPase atlastin interfere with vesicle trafficking in the ER/Golgi interface and Golgi morphogenesis.
The ROOT MERISTEMLESS1/CADMIUM SENSITIVE2 gene defines a glutathione-dependent pathway involved in initiation and maintenance of cell division during postembryonic root development.
Gene amplification and overexpression of PRDM14 in breast cancers.
Pw1/Peg3 is a potential cell death mediator and cooperates with Siah1a in p53-mediated apoptosis.
The yeast endosomal Na+/H+ exchanger, Nhx1, confers osmotolerance following acute hypertonic shock.
Characterization of a leukotriene C4 export mechanism in human platelets: possible involvement of multidrug resistance-associated protein 1.
Conversion of phosphoglycolate to phosphate termini on 3' overhangs of DNA double strand breaks by the human tyrosyl-DNA phosphodiesterase hTdp1.
Proteolysis of C3 on U937 cell plasma membranes. Purification of cathepsin G.
A ubiquitin ligase complex assembles linear polyubiquitin chains.
ELL-associated factors 1 and 2 are positive regulators of RNA polymerase II elongation factor ELL.
Crystal structures of the human and fungal cytosolic Leucyl-tRNA synthetase editing domains: A structural basis for the rational design of antifungal benzoxaboroles.
Crystal structure of human pyrroline-5-carboxylate reductase.
Regulation of flowering time by light quality.
Colony-stimulating factor-1 in immunity and inflammation.
Repression of FLOWERING LOCUS T chromatin by functionally redundant histone H3 lysine 4 demethylases in Arabidopsis.
RPE65 is the isomerohydrolase in the retinoid visual cycle.
Members of the DAN family are BMP antagonists that form highly stable noncovalent dimers.
Induction of autophagy promotes fusion of multivesicular bodies with autophagic vacuoles in k562 cells.
Mutations in connexin43 (GJA1) perturb bone growth in zebrafish fins.
Molecular cloning of the transmembrane component of the 13762 mammary adenocarcinoma sialomucin complex. A new member of the epidermal growth factor superfamily.
Biochemical characterization of the equine arteritis virus helicase suggests a close functional relationship between arterivirus and coronavirus helicases.
Foxn1 is essential for vascularization of the murine thymus anlage.
The Caenorhabditis elegans orthologue of mammalian puromycin-sensitive aminopeptidase has roles in embryogenesis and reproduction.
Only one splice variant of the human TAZ gene encodes a functional protein with a role in cardiolipin metabolism.
Unusually rapid evolution of Neuroligin-4 in mice.
Identification of the Nogo inhibitor of axon regeneration as a Reticulon protein.
The Escherichia coli cell division protein FtsW is required to recruit its cognate transpeptidase, FtsI (PBP3), to the division site.
Two FGF-receptor homologues of Drosophila: one is expressed in mesodermal primordium in early embryos.
Autophagy and the cvt pathway both depend on AUT9.
Drosophila aurora B kinase is required for histone H3 phosphorylation and condensin recruitment during chromosome condensation and to organize the central spindle during cytokinesis.
Dissection of autophagosome formation using Apg5-deficient mouse embryonic stem cells.
The genomic organization, complete mRNA sequence, cloning, and expression of a novel human intracellular membrane-associated calcium-independent phospholipase A(2).
RANK is the essential signaling receptor for osteoclast differentiation factor in osteoclastogenesis.
A TIR domain variant of MyD88 adapter-like (Mal)/TIRAP results in loss of MyD88 binding and reduced TLR2/TLR4 signaling.
Enhanced arsenate reduction by a CDC25-like tyrosine phosphatase explains increased phytochelatin accumulation in arsenate-tolerant Holcus lanatus.
A viral protein that selectively downregulates ICAM-1 and B7-2 and modulates T cell costimulation.
GeBP, the first member of a new gene family in Arabidopsis, encodes a nuclear protein with DNA-binding activity and is regulated by KNAT1.
A novel method to identify protein kinase substrates: eEF2 kinase is phosphorylated and inhibited by SAPK4/p38delta.
Regulation of elongation factor 2 kinase by p90(RSK1) and p70 S6 kinase.
Cleavage of GSDMD by inflammatory caspases determines pyroptotic cell death.
The receptor tyrosine kinase Flt3 is required for dendritic cell development in peripheral lymphoid tissues.
Effects in neocortical neurons of mutations of the Na(v)1.2 Na+ channel causing benign familial neonatal-infantile seizures.
Characterization of the human HCN1 channel and its inhibition by capsazepine.
Coxsackievirus A21 binds to decay-accelerating factor but requires intercellular adhesion molecule 1 for cell entry.
Poliovirus infection and expression of the poliovirus protein 2B provoke the disassembly of the Golgi complex, the organelle target for the antipoliovirus drug Ro-090179.
The actin binding cytoskeletal protein Moesin is involved in nuclear mRNA export.
Formation of a uniquely stable type I interferon receptor complex by interferon beta is dependent upon particular interactions between interferon beta and its receptor and independent of tyrosine phosphorylation.
p37δ is a new isoform of PI3K p110δ that increases cell proliferation and is overexpressed in tumors.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of a human 4'-phosphopantetheinyl transferase with broad substrate specificity.
The NIMA-family kinase Nek6 phosphorylates the kinesin Eg5 at a novel site necessary for mitotic spindle formation.
A naturally occurring isoform of the human macrophage scavenger receptor (SR-A) gene generated by alternative splicing blocks modified LDL uptake.
Human Nod1 confers responsiveness to bacterial lipopolysaccharides.
The Arabidopsis lectin receptor kinase LecRK-I.9 enhances resistance to Phytophthora infestans in Solanaceous plants.
Structural basis of the Cks1-dependent recognition of p27(Kip1) by the SCF(Skp2) ubiquitin ligase.
Exon-junction complex components specify distinct routes of nonsense-mediated mRNA decay with differential cofactor requirements.
The ubiquitin ligase dTopors directs the nuclear organization of a chromatin insulator.
Mammalian ALKBH8 possesses tRNA methyltransferase activity required for the biogenesis of multiple wobble uridine modifications implicated in translational decoding.
Crucial step in cholesterol homeostasis: sterols promote binding of SCAP to INSIG-1, a membrane protein that facilitates retention of SREBPs in ER.
The glycoprotein B disintegrin-like domain binds beta 1 integrin to mediate cytomegalovirus entry.
CD13 (human aminopeptidase N) mediates human cytomegalovirus infection.
The conformation and orientation of a 27-residue CCR5 peptide in a ternary complex with HIV-1 gp120 and a CD4-mimic peptide.
Molecular recognition of histone H3 by the WD40 protein WDR5.
The BCR gene encodes a novel serine/threonine kinase activity within a single exon.
salvador Promotes both cell cycle exit and apoptosis in Drosophila and is mutated in human cancer cell lines.
Class II histone deacetylases act as signal-responsive repressors of cardiac hypertrophy.
BMP signaling through ACVRI is required for left-right patterning in the early mouse embryo.
Cytoplasmic localized ubiquitin ligase cullin 7 binds to p53 and promotes cell growth by antagonizing p53 function.
Dimerization of complement factor H-related proteins modulates complement activation in vivo.
Slit proteins bind Robo receptors and have an evolutionarily conserved role in repulsive axon guidance.
Point mutations in yeast CBF5 can abolish in vivo pseudouridylation of rRNA.
Slit is the midline repellent for the robo receptor in Drosophila.
Albumin as a zinc carrier: properties of its high-affinity zinc-binding site.
Mutations in the gene encoding the low-density lipoprotein receptor LRP4 cause abnormal limb development in the mouse.
Oxidation of a eukaryotic 2-Cys peroxiredoxin is a molecular switch controlling the transcriptional response to increasing levels of hydrogen peroxide.
The role of phospholipid and factor VIIIa in the activation of bovine factor X.
Melanophilin directly links Rab27a and myosin Va through its distinct coiled-coil regions.
Direct phosphorylation of NF-kappaB1 p105 by the IkappaB kinase complex on serine 927 is essential for signal-induced p105 proteolysis.
B7-H3: a costimulatory molecule for T cell activation and IFN-gamma production.
Platelet-derived growth factor C (PDGF-C), a novel growth factor that binds to PDGF alpha and beta receptor.
Evolution of mitochondrial cell death pathway: Proapoptotic role of HtrA2/Omi in Drosophila.
Proteolysis of SNAP-25 by types E and A botulinal neurotoxins.
Histidine kinase homologs that act as cytokinin receptors possess overlapping functions in the regulation of shoot and root growth in Arabidopsis.
An endocrine-exocrine switch in the activity of the pancreatic homeodomain protein PDX1 through formation of a trimeric complex with PBX1b and MRG1 (MEIS2).
NAI1 gene encodes a basic-helix-loop-helix-type putative transcription factor that regulates the formation of an endoplasmic reticulum-derived structure, the ER body.
Splicing factors SRp20 and 9G8 promote the nucleocytoplasmic export of mRNA.
Recruitment of P-TEFb for stimulation of transcriptional elongation by the bromodomain protein Brd4.
The bromodomain protein Brd4 is a positive regulatory component of P-TEFb and stimulates RNA polymerase II-dependent transcription.
Receptor-type guanylate cyclase is required for carbon dioxide sensation by Caenorhabditis elegans.
Isolation of human Dna2 endonuclease and characterization of its enzymatic properties.
Deficiency of the zinc finger protein ZPR1 causes neurodegeneration.
dgq: a drosophila gene encoding a visual system-specific G alpha molecule.
The intrinsic factor-vitamin B12 receptor, cubilin, is a high-affinity apolipoprotein A-I receptor facilitating endocytosis of high-density lipoprotein.
A Rab11/Rip11 protein complex regulates apical membrane trafficking via recycling endosomes.
FBXO31 is the chromosome 16q24.3 senescence gene, a candidate breast tumor suppressor, and a component of an SCF complex.
The spike of S phase cyclin Cig2 expression at the G1-S border in fission yeast requires both APC and SCF ubiquitin ligases.
Smad7 binds to Smurf2 to form an E3 ubiquitin ligase that targets the TGF beta receptor for degradation.
Shared as well as distinct roles of EHD proteins revealed by biochemical and functional comparisons in mammalian cells and C. elegans.
Knock-down of the type 3 ryanodine receptor impairs sustained Ca2+ signaling via the T cell receptor/CD3 complex.
Human carbonyl reductase 4 is a mitochondrial NADPH-dependent quinone reductase.
The 37-kDa/67-kDa laminin receptor acts as the cell-surface receptor for the cellular prion protein.
Protein misfolding induces hypoxic preconditioning via a subset of the unfolded protein response machinery.
GSK-3alpha regulates production of Alzheimer's disease amyloid-beta peptides.
Caenorhabditis elegans early embryogenesis and vulval morphogenesis require chondroitin biosynthesis.
ANK6, a mitochondrial ankyrin repeat protein, is required for male-female gamete recognition in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A conserved phosphorylation switch controls the interaction between cadherin and β-catenin in vitro and in vivo.
SEUSS, a member of a novel family of plant regulatory proteins, represses floral homeotic gene expression with LEUNIG.
The zinc finger protein A20 interacts with a novel anti-apoptotic protein which is cleaved by specific caspases.
The CLAVATA1-related BAM1, BAM2 and BAM3 receptor kinase-like proteins are required for meristem function in Arabidopsis.
ebi regulates epidermal growth factor receptor signaling pathways in Drosophila.
Human PLU-1 Has transcriptional repression properties and interacts with the developmental transcription factors BF-1 and PAX9.
Distinct biochemical properties of human serine hydroxymethyltransferase compared with the Plasmodium enzyme: implications for selective inhibition.
A novel human protein of the maternal centriole is required for the final stages of cytokinesis and entry into S phase.
Identification of a novel gene, CDCP1, overexpressed in human colorectal cancer.
An in vivo genetic reversion highlights the crucial role of Myb-Like, SWIRM, and MPN domains 1 (MYSM1) in human hematopoiesis and lymphocyte differentiation.
Phosphorylation of the DNA repair protein APE/REF-1 by CKII affects redox regulation of AP-1.
Perception of root-derived peptides by shoot LRR-RKs mediates systemic N-demand signaling.
VEGF stimulation of mitochondrial biogenesis: requirement of AKT3 kinase.
Suppressed expression of tubedown-1 in retinal neovascularization of proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Unexpected roles for cryptochrome 2 and phototropin revealed by high-resolution analysis of blue light-mediated hypocotyl growth inhibition.
SRp55 is a regulator of calcitonin/CGRP alternative RNA splicing.
MIR is a novel ERM-like protein that interacts with myosin regulatory light chain and inhibits neurite outgrowth.
Shaggy, the homolog of glycogen synthase kinase 3, controls neuromuscular junction growth in Drosophila.
Characterization of the let-653 gene in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Control of PKA stability and signalling by the RING ligase praja2.
Arrestin domain-containing protein 3 recruits the NEDD4 E3 ligase to mediate ubiquitination of the beta2-adrenergic receptor.
FXYD proteins reverse inhibition of the Na+-K+ pump mediated by glutathionylation of its beta1 subunit.
Characterization of a PTH1R missense mutation responsible for Jansen type metaphyseal chondrodysplasia.
MMXD, a TFIIH-independent XPD-MMS19 protein complex involved in chromosome segregation.
Site-specific identification of SUMO-2 targets in cells reveals an inverted SUMOylation motif and a hydrophobic cluster SUMOylation motif.
Isolation and characterization of a 40-kDa cyclophilin-related protein.
Interaction of coxsackievirus A21 with its cellular receptor, ICAM-1.
Hzf Determines cell survival upon genotoxic stress by modulating p53 transactivation.
Mirk protein kinase is a mitogen-activated protein kinase substrate that mediates survival of colon cancer cells.
The RNA polymerase II CTD kinase CTDK-I affects pre-mRNA 3' cleavage/polyadenylation through the processing component Pti1p.
NPAS2: an analog of clock operative in the mammalian forebrain.
Transcription activation of FLRG and follistatin by activin A, through Smad proteins, participates in a negative feedback loop to modulate activin A function.
Identification of a Drosophila brain-gut peptide related to the neuropeptide Y family.
Structure of a signal transduction regulator, RACK1, from Arabidopsis thaliana.
SPA1, a component of phytochrome A signal transduction, regulates the light signaling current.
A splicing variant of the Bcl-2 member Bok with a truncated BH3 domain induces apoptosis but does not dimerize with antiapoptotic Bcl-2 proteins in vitro.
Evidence that the angiotensin IV (AT(4)) receptor is the enzyme insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.
The NF-M transcription factor is related to C/EBP beta and plays a role in signal transduction, differentiation and leukemogenesis of avian myelomonocytic cells.
Polarized myosin produces unequal-size daughters during asymmetric cell division.
Dynamic O-glycosylation of nuclear and cytosolic proteins: cloning and characterization of a neutral, cytosolic beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase from human brain.
Junction adhesion molecule is a receptor for reovirus.
Ce-wts-1 plays important roles in Caenorhabditis elegans development.
SPATA2 regulates the activation of RIPK1 by modulating linear ubiquitination.
Molecular cloning and structural analysis of quinohemoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase ADH-IIG from Pseudomonas putida HK5.
Identification of two human WAVE/SCAR homologues as general actin regulatory molecules which associate with the Arp2/3 complex.
The neural cell adhesion molecule is a receptor for rabies virus.
Cloning of a cellular factor, interleukin binding factor, that binds to NFAT-like motifs in the human immunodeficiency virus long terminal repeat.
The spinocerebellar ataxia-associated gene Tau tubulin kinase 2 controls the initiation of ciliogenesis.
GARP (LRRC32) is essential for the surface expression of latent TGF-beta on platelets and activated FOXP3+ regulatory T cells.
Anti-nuclear antibody production and autoimmunity in transgenic mice that overexpress the transcription factor Bright.
Roberts syndrome is caused by mutations in ESCO2, a human homolog of yeast ECO1 that is essential for the establishment of sister chromatid cohesion.
Regulation of the PH-domain-containing tyrosine kinase Etk by focal adhesion kinase through the FERM domain.
GLD-3, a bicaudal-C homolog that inhibits FBF to control germline sex determination in C. elegans.
Structural determinants for GoLoco-induced inhibition of nucleotide release by Galpha subunits.
Structural basis for glycosphingolipid transfer specificity.
SINK is a p65-interacting negative regulator of NF-kappaB-dependent transcription.
GPR56 Regulates VEGF production and angiogenesis during melanoma progression.
Heterotrimeric GAIT complex drives transcript-selective translation inhibition in murine macrophages.
The function of the M-line protein obscurin in controlling the symmetry of the sarcomere in the flight muscle of Drosophila.
Ser787 in the proline-rich region of human MAP4 is a critical phosphorylation site that reduces its activity to promote tubulin polymerization.
Essential role of KIBRA in co-activator function of dynein light chain 1 in mammalian cells.
Differential actin-dependent localization modulates the evolutionarily conserved activity of Shroom family proteins.
Feedback-regulated degradation of the transcriptional activator Met4 is triggered by the SCF(Met30 )complex.
The X-linked mental retardation gene SMCX/JARID1C defines a family of histone H3 lysine 4 demethylases.
RBP2 belongs to a family of demethylases, specific for tri-and dimethylated lysine 4 on histone 3.
Stimulation of phospholipase C-epsilon by the M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor mediated by cyclic AMP and the GTPase Rap2B.
Role of the Arabidopsis glucose sensor HXK1 in nutrient, light, and hormonal signaling.
The tumor suppressor menin regulates hematopoiesis and myeloid transformation by influencing Hox gene expression.
Fxr1 knockout mice show a striated muscle phenotype: implications for Fxr1p function in vivo.
Structural basis for receptor recognition of pollen tube attraction peptides.
Mutation in WNT10A is associated with an autosomal recessive ectodermal dysplasia: the odonto-onycho-dermal dysplasia.
The armadillo protein p0071 regulates Rho signalling during cytokinesis.
Regulation of cell shape by Cdc42 is mediated by the synergic actin-bundling activity of the Eps8-IRSp53 complex.
Identification of a GABAB receptor subunit, gb2, required for functional GABAB receptor activity.
Cloning, tissue distribution, genomic organization, and functional characterization of NBC3, a new member of the sodium bicarbonate cotransporter family.
Characterization of human, Schizosaccharomyces pombe, and Candida albicans mRNA cap methyltransferases and complete replacement of the yeast capping apparatus by mammalian enzymes.
Genetic analysis of SH2D4A, a novel adapter protein related to T cell-specific adapter and adapter protein in lymphocytes of unknown function, reveals a redundant function in T cells.
Human PIR1 of the protein-tyrosine phosphatase superfamily has RNA 5'-triphosphatase and diphosphatase activities.
The gene lin-3 encodes an inductive signal for vulval development in C. elegans.
Molecular mechanism of cAMP modulation of HCN pacemaker channels.
Differential requirements for STRAD in LKB1-dependent functions in C. elegans.
Modulation of T cell activation by stomatin-like protein 2.
sup-9, sup-10, and unc-93 may encode components of a two-pore K+ channel that coordinates muscle contraction in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Mutations in LAMB1 cause cobblestone brain malformation without muscular or ocular abnormalities.
Human SMC5/6 complex promotes sister chromatid homologous recombination by recruiting the SMC1/3 cohesin complex to double-strand breaks.
The heat stress transcription factor HsfA2 serves as a regulatory amplifier of a subset of genes in the heat stress response in Arabidopsis.
Dominant-negative regulation of WNK1 by its kidney-specific kinase-defective isoform.
Three rare diseases in one Sib pair: RAI1, PCK1, GRIN2B mutations associated with Smith-Magenis Syndrome, cytosolic PEPCK deficiency and NMDA receptor glutamate insensitivity.
In vitro expression of a full-length DNA copy of cowpea mosaic virus B RNA: identification of the B RNA encoded 24-kd protein as a viral protease.
82-FIP, a novel FMRP (fragile X mental retardation protein) interacting protein, shows a cell cycle-dependent intracellular localization.
Mitotic regulation of SIRT2 by cyclin-dependent kinase 1-dependent phosphorylation.
The function of lysyl-tRNA synthetase and Ap4A as signaling regulators of MITF activity in FcepsilonRI-activated mast cells.
Eppin: a molecular strategy for male contraception.
OVO transcription factors function antagonistically in the Drosophila female germline.
GPS2 is required for the association of NS5A with VAP-A and hepatitis C virus replication.
The melanosomal/lysosomal protein OA1 has properties of a G protein-coupled receptor.
p21-Activated kinase 5 (Pak5) localizes to mitochondria and inhibits apoptosis by phosphorylating BAD.
Mitochondrial glutathione peroxidase 4 disruption causes male infertility.
Functional differences between immunoglobulins M and D expressed on the surface of an immature B-cell line.
Epsin binds to the EH domain of POB1 and regulates receptor-mediated endocytosis.
IFITM1 plays an essential role in the antiproliferative action of interferon-gamma.
Human ESCRT and ALIX proteins interact with proteins of the midbody and function in cytokinesis.
Peflin and ALG-2, members of the penta-EF-hand protein family, form a heterodimer that dissociates in a Ca2+-dependent manner.
Absence of integrin alpha 7 causes a novel form of muscular dystrophy.
Rines/RNF180, a novel RING finger gene-encoded product, is a membrane-bound ubiquitin ligase.
Two new proteases in the MHC class I processing pathway.
Purification and characterization of nucleolin and its identification as a transcription repressor.
Development of a mutagenesis, expression and purification system for yeast phosphoglycerate mutase. Investigation of the role of active-site His181.
Semaphorin 7A promotes axon outgrowth through integrins and MAPKs.
IkappaBalpha ubiquitination is catalyzed by an SCF-like complex containing Skp1, cullin-1, and two F-box/WD40-repeat proteins, betaTrCP1 and betaTrCP2.
Rnd1, a novel rho family GTPase, induces the formation of neuritic processes in PC12 cells.
An Arabidopsis gene encoding an alpha-xylosyltransferase involved in xyloglucan biosynthesis.
Prp43: An RNA helicase-like factor involved in spliceosome disassembly.
Rab23 negatively regulates Gli1 transcriptional factor in a Su(Fu)-dependent manner.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase kinase 4 as a putative effector of Rap2 to activate the c-Jun N-terminal kinase.
2,4-Dienoyl-CoA reductase from Escherichia coli is a novel iron-sulfur flavoprotein that functions in fatty acid beta-oxidation.
Rab6, Rab8, and MICAL3 cooperate in controlling docking and fusion of exocytotic carriers.
Dominant and recessive alleles of the Drosophila easter gene are point mutations at conserved sites in the serine protease catalytic domain.
Aberrant differentiation of neuromuscular junctions in mice lacking s-laminin/laminin beta 2.
RETouching upon mechanoreceptors.
PQBP-1, a novel polyglutamine tract-binding protein, inhibits transcription activation by Brn-2 and affects cell survival.
The Cytosolic Sensor cGAS Detects Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA to Induce Type I Interferons and Activate Autophagy.
Fas triggers an alternative, caspase-8-independent cell death pathway using the kinase RIP as effector molecule.
Nuclear export and cytoplasmic processing of precursors to the 40S ribosomal subunits in mammalian cells.
Regulation of the autophagy protein LC3 by phosphorylation.
Structures of mammalian ER α-glucosidase II capture the binding modes of broad-spectrum iminosugar antivirals.
E2F-8: an E2F family member with a similar organization of DNA-binding domains to E2F-7.
Unexpected requirement for ZAP-70 in pre-B cell development and allelic exclusion.
The trans-Golgi network-associated human ubiquitin-protein ligase POSH is essential for HIV type 1 production.
Phosphorylation of RNA polymerase II CTD regulates H3 methylation in yeast.
Functional characterization of putative cilia genes by high-content analysis.
Structural features of LIM kinase that control effects on the actin cytoskeleton.
The Drosophila gap junction channel gene innexin 2 controls foregut development in response to Wingless signalling.
EphB4 controls blood vascular morphogenesis during postnatal angiogenesis.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor induces phosphorylation of fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2.
Structural basis for recruitment of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta to the axin-APC scaffold complex.
The maleless protein associates with the X chromosome to regulate dosage compensation in Drosophila.
Abelson tyrosine kinase is required to transduce midline repulsive cues.
Suppression of defective ribosome assembly in a rbfA deletion mutant by overexpression of Era, an essential GTPase in Escherichia coli.
Phosphorylation of claudin-3 at threonine 192 by cAMP-dependent protein kinase regulates tight junction barrier function in ovarian cancer cells.
MiD49 and MiD51, new components of the mitochondrial fission machinery.
Recruitment of human muscleblind proteins to (CUG)(n) expansions associated with myotonic dystrophy.
HIV-1 tat transcriptional activity is regulated by acetylation.
Functional interaction of a novel 15.5kD [U4/U6.U5] tri-snRNP protein with the 5' stem-loop of U4 snRNA.
Human SAP18 mediates assembly of a splicing regulatory multiprotein complex via its ubiquitin-like fold.
CDK6 blocks differentiation: coupling cell proliferation to the block to differentiation in leukemic cells.
Functional link between the mammalian exosome and mRNA decapping.
Mouse disabled (mDab1): a Src binding protein implicated in neuronal development.
CHMP1 is a novel nuclear matrix protein affecting chromatin structure and cell-cycle progression.
CTCF, a candidate trans-acting factor for X-inactivation choice.
GAGA factor down-regulates its own promoter.
CHMP1 functions as a member of a newly defined family of vesicle trafficking proteins.
Extended-synaptotagmin-2 mediates FGF receptor endocytosis and ERK activation in vivo.
Inhibition of Wnt signaling by Dishevelled PDZ peptides.
Human Blinkin/AF15q14 is required for chromosome alignment and the mitotic checkpoint through direct interaction with Bub1 and BubR1.
A bifunctional locus (BIO3-BIO1) required for biotin biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus nsp9 dimerization is essential for efficient viral growth.
Nuclear entry of the circadian regulator mPER1 is controlled by mammalian casein kinase I epsilon.
Cloning and characterization of hNAT5/hSAN: an evolutionarily conserved component of the NatA protein N-alpha-acetyltransferase complex.
Human Mpp11 J protein: ribosome-tethered molecular chaperones are ubiquitous.
MAGE-RING protein complexes comprise a family of E3 ubiquitin ligases.
The transcriptional coactivator PGC-1 regulates the expression and activity of the orphan nuclear receptor estrogen-related receptor alpha (ERRalpha).
Cellular arachidonate-releasing function of novel classes of secretory phospholipase A2s (groups III and XII).
Interleukin-6 induces keratin expression in intestinal epithelial cells: potential role of keratin-8 in interleukin-6-induced barrier function alterations.
IRAK1b, a novel alternative splice variant of interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase (IRAK), mediates interleukin-1 signaling and has prolonged stability.
Identification of cholesterol-regulating genes by targeted RNAi screening.
Minichromosome maintenance proteins are direct targets of the ATM and ATR checkpoint kinases.
Vaspin inhibits kallikrein 7 by serpin mechanism.
Membrane-type 5 matrix metalloproteinase is expressed in differentiated neurons and regulates axonal growth.
Syntaxin 7 and VAMP-7 are soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors required for late endosome-lysosome and homotypic lysosome fusion in alveolar macrophages.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel dual specificity phosphatase, LMW-DSP2, that lacks the cdc25 homology domain.
LAPTM4B is a PtdIns(4,5)P2 effector that regulates EGFR signaling, lysosomal sorting, and degradation.
Stabilization of cartwheel-less centrioles for duplication requires CEP295-mediated centriole-to-centrosome conversion.
Mutations and altered expression of p16INK4 in human cancer.
A RAC/CDC-42-independent GIT/PIX/PAK signaling pathway mediates cell migration in C. elegans.
DRONC, an ecdysone-inducible Drosophila caspase.
Molecular and Biochemical Characterization of Rat epsilon -N-Trimethyllysine Hydroxylase, the First Enzyme of Carnitine Biosynthesis.
Structural basis for Fe-S cluster assembly and tRNA thiolation mediated by IscS protein-protein interactions.
Hodgkin and Reed-Sternberg cell-associated autoantigen CLIP-170/restin is a marker for dendritic cells and is involved in the trafficking of macropinosomes to the cytoskeleton, supporting a function-based concept of Hodgkin and Reed-Sternberg cells.
Characterization of murine Flt4 ligand/VEGF-C.
Nek4 regulates entry into replicative senescence and the response to DNA damage in human fibroblasts.
Fission yeast ch-TOG/XMAP215 homologue Alp14 connects mitotic spindles with the kinetochore and is a component of the Mad2-dependent spindle checkpoint.
Human sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase: cDNA cloning, functional expression studies and mapping to chromosome 10q22(1).
The phosphatidylserine receptor has essential functions during embryogenesis but not in apoptotic cell removal.
Polycystin-2 and phosphodiesterase 4C are components of a ciliary A-kinase anchoring protein complex that is disrupted in cystic kidney diseases.
Cell-Penetrating Peptide Mediates Intracellular Membrane Passage of Human Papillomavirus L2 Protein to Trigger Retrograde Trafficking.
A single subunit, Dis3, is essentially responsible for yeast exosome core activity.
E protein dosage influences brain development more than family member identity.
Characterisation of IRTKS, a novel IRSp53/MIM family actin regulator with distinct filament bundling properties.
MD-2 enables Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2)-mediated responses to lipopolysaccharide and enhances TLR2-mediated responses to Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria and their cell wall components.
Kinase-active interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinases promote polyubiquitination and degradation of the Pellino family: direct evidence for PELLINO proteins being ubiquitin-protein isopeptide ligases.
A novel EH domain protein of Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Ede1p, involved in endocytosis.
Sister-chromatid separation at anaphase onset is promoted by cleavage of the cohesin subunit Scc1.
Characterization of the p22 subunit of dynactin reveals the localization of cytoplasmic dynein and dynactin to the midbody of dividing cells.
Proteolytically processed soluble tumor endothelial marker (TEM) 5 mediates endothelial cell survival during angiogenesis by linking integrin alpha(v)beta3 to glycosaminoglycans.
Mouse Sycp1 functions in synaptonemal complex assembly, meiotic recombination, and XY body formation.
A novel c-Myc-responsive gene, JPO1, participates in neoplastic transformation.
PYPAF3, a PYRIN-containing APAF-1-like protein, is a feedback regulator of caspase-1-dependent interleukin-1beta secretion.
The BAL-binding protein BBAP and related Deltex family members exhibit ubiquitin-protein isopeptide ligase activity.
ZNRF3 promotes Wnt receptor turnover in an R-spondin-sensitive manner.
Photoreceptor-specific nuclear receptor NR2E3 functions as a transcriptional activator in rod photoreceptors.
A G protein-coupled receptor is essential for Schwann cells to initiate myelination.
Gadolinium as an opener of the outwardly rectifying Cl(-) channel (ORCC). Is there relevance for cystic fibrosis therapy?
Sharp, an inducible cofactor that integrates nuclear receptor repression and activation.
Mammalian transcription factor ATF6 is synthesized as a transmembrane protein and activated by proteolysis in response to endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Tim50, a component of the mitochondrial translocator, regulates mitochondrial integrity and cell death.
polo encodes a protein kinase homolog required for mitosis in Drosophila.
Ack1 mediated AKT/PKB tyrosine 176 phosphorylation regulates its activation.
Conserved amino acid residues found in a predicted cytosolic domain of the lipopolysaccharide biosynthetic protein WecA are implicated in the recognition of UDP-N-acetylglucosamine.
The proto-oncogene p120(Cbl) is a downstream substrate of the Hck protein-tyrosine kinase.
The crystal structure of coxsackievirus B3 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase in complex with its protein primer VPg confirms the existence of a second VPg binding site on Picornaviridae polymerases.
Molecular recognition of corticotropin-releasing factor by its G-protein-coupled receptor CRFR1.
Phosphorylation of tyrosine 256 facilitates nuclear import of atypical protein kinase C.
Archvillin, a muscle-specific isoform of supervillin, is an early expressed component of the costameric membrane skeleton.
The ELF4 gene controls circadian rhythms and flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana.
von Hippel-Lindau partner Jade-1 is a transcriptional co-activator associated with histone acetyltransferase activity.
Plasma serotonin levels and the platelet serotonin transporter.
Centipedes subdue giant prey by blocking KCNQ channels.
Aire-dependent production of XCL1 mediates medullary accumulation of thymic dendritic cells and contributes to regulatory T cell development.
Hepatitis C virus core protein-induced loss of LZIP function correlates with cellular transformation.
Inhibition of interleukin 1 receptor/Toll-like receptor signaling through the alternatively spliced, short form of MyD88 is due to its failure to recruit IRAK-4.
p600, a unique protein required for membrane morphogenesis and cell survival.
Muscleblind proteins regulate alternative splicing.
ZNF703 is a common Luminal B breast cancer oncogene that differentially regulates luminal and basal progenitors in human mammary epithelium.
Interaction of sperm with purified native chicken ZP1 and ZPC proteins.
ATX-2, the C. elegans Ortholog of Human Ataxin-2, Regulates Centrosome Size and Microtubule Dynamics.
A Requirement for the Saccharomyces cerevisiae Paf1 complex in snoRNA 3' end formation.
Interaction of foot-and-mouth disease virus nonstructural protein 3A with host protein DCTN3 is important for viral virulence in cattle.
Mutations in Traf3ip1 reveal defects in ciliogenesis, embryonic development, and altered cell size regulation.
Rac1 GTPases control filopodia formation, cell motility, endocytosis, cytokinesis and development in Dictyostelium.
Two highly conserved glutamate residues critical for type III sodium-dependent phosphate transport revealed by uncoupling transport function from retroviral receptor function.
Expression of a novel human gene, human wings apart-like (hWAPL), is associated with cervical carcinogenesis and tumor progression.
The Tat protein of human immunodeficiency virus type-1 promotes vascular cell growth and locomotion by engaging the alpha5beta1 and alphavbeta3 integrins and by mobilizing sequestered basic fibroblast growth factor.
Expression of liver-specific member of the 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase family, an isoform possessing an almost exclusive 3-ketosteroid reductase activity.
The tumor suppressor HINT1 regulates MITF and β-catenin transcriptional activity in melanoma cells.
Human MTH3 (NUDT18) protein hydrolyzes oxidized forms of guanosine and deoxyguanosine diphosphates: comparison with MTH1 and MTH2.
Structure, functional characterization, and evolution of the dihydroorotase domain of human CAD.
Involvement of a novel Arabidopsis phospholipase D, AtPLDdelta, in dehydration-inducible accumulation of phosphatidic acid in stress signalling.
ABHD12 controls brain lysophosphatidylserine pathways that are deregulated in a murine model of the neurodegenerative disease PHARC.
The caspase-cleaved DAP5 protein supports internal ribosome entry site-mediated translation of death proteins.
The IL-1 receptor accessory protein (AcP) is required for IL-33 signaling and soluble AcP enhances the ability of soluble ST2 to inhibit IL-33.
Escherichia coli UMP-kinase, a member of the aspartokinase family, is a hexamer regulated by guanine nucleotides and UTP.
G-protein pathway suppressor 2 (GPS2) interacts with the regulatory factor X4 variant 3 (RFX4_v3) and functions as a transcriptional co-activator.
The CUL7/F-box and WD repeat domain containing 8 (CUL7/Fbxw8) ubiquitin ligase promotes degradation of hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein kinase K modulates activation of transcription from the promoter of mycobacterial monooxygenase operon through phosphorylation of the transcriptional regulator VirS.
The TBC (Tre-2/Bub2/Cdc16) domain protein TRE17 regulates plasma membrane-endosomal trafficking through activation of Arf6.
Kinetochore targeting of fission yeast Mad and Bub proteins is essential for spindle checkpoint function but not for all chromosome segregation roles of Bub1p.
An SCF-like ubiquitin ligase complex that controls presynaptic differentiation.
Functional characterization of three novel tissue-specific anion exchangers SLC26A7, -A8, and -A9.
Metastasis suppressor CC3 inhibits angiogenic properties of tumor cells in vitro.
Zygotic expression of the caudal homolog pal-1 is required for posterior patterning in Caenorhabditis elegans embryogenesis.
Regulation of Bruton tyrosine kinase by the peptidylprolyl isomerase Pin1.
Characterization of mouse homolog of brain acyl-CoA hydrolase: molecular cloning and neuronal localization.
The selenoprotein GPX4 is essential for mouse development and protects from radiation and oxidative damage insults.
The oral-facial-digital syndrome gene C2CD3 encodes a positive regulator of centriole elongation.
A novel alteration of muscle chloride channel gating in myotonia levior.
Identification of a novel inhibitor of nuclear factor-kappaB, RelA-associated inhibitor.
Identification of human VPS37C, a component of endosomal sorting complex required for transport-I important for viral budding.
Functional and structural bases of a cysteine-less mutant as a long-lasting substitute for galectin-1.
Distinct cysteine residues in Keap1 are required for Keap1-dependent ubiquitination of Nrf2 and for stabilization of Nrf2 by chemopreventive agents and oxidative stress.
Human phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase produces the oncometabolite D-2-hydroxyglutarate.
Identification of HiNF-P, a key activator of cell cycle-controlled histone H4 genes at the onset of S phase.
Murine coronavirus requires lipid rafts for virus entry and cell-cell fusion but not for virus release.
Caspase-resistant BAP31 inhibits fas-mediated apoptotic membrane fragmentation and release of cytochrome c from mitochondria.
Both src-dependent and -independent mechanisms mediate phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase regulation of colony-stimulating factor 1-activated mitogen-activated protein kinases in myeloid progenitors.
Identification of CXCR4 domains that support coreceptor and chemokine receptor functions.
Is pantetheinase the actual identity of mouse and human vanin-1 proteins?
Degradation of blood group A glycolipid A-6-2 by normal and mutant human skin fibroblasts.
Nuclear localization and cell cycle-specific expression of CtIP, a protein that associates with the BRCA1 tumor suppressor.
Arabidopsis TARGET OF RAPAMYCIN interacts with RAPTOR, which regulates the activity of S6 kinase in response to osmotic stress signals.
Compensatory contributions of HEXIM1 and HEXIM2 in maintaining the balance of active and inactive positive transcription elongation factor b complexes for control of transcription.
The isolation and characterization of a cDNA encoding phospholipid-specific inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
The CD3 epsilon subunit of the TCR contains endocytosis signals.
KDM8, a H3K36me2 histone demethylase that acts in the cyclin A1 coding region to regulate cancer cell proliferation.
Regulation of dendritic spine morphology and synaptic function by Shank and Homer.
Signal transduction by nerve growth factor and fibroblast growth factor in PC12 cells requires a sequence of src and ras actions.
Critical role of TRAF3 in the Toll-like receptor-dependent and -independent antiviral response.
Specificity in Toll-like receptor signalling through distinct effector functions of TRAF3 and TRAF6.
Nuclear interleukin-33 is generally expressed in resting endothelium but rapidly lost upon angiogenic or proinflammatory activation.
2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (TiPARP, ARTD14) is a mono-ADP-ribosyltransferase and repressor of aryl hydrocarbon receptor transactivation.
Mechanism of glutamate receptor desensitization.
Human peptidylarginine deiminase type II: molecular cloning, gene organization, and expression in human skin.
Recognition of trimethylated histone H3 lysine 4 facilitates the recruitment of transcription postinitiation factors and pre-mRNA splicing.
The biosynthesis of hepatic cholesterol esters and triglycerides is impaired in mice with a disruption of the gene for stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1.
The reversible modification regulates the membrane-binding state of Apg8/Aut7 essential for autophagy and the cytoplasm to vacuole targeting pathway.
Cloning of Fatso (Fto), a novel gene deleted by the Fused toes (Ft) mouse mutation.
Interaction of the Vp3 nuclear localization signal with the importin alpha 2/beta heterodimer directs nuclear entry of infecting simian virus 40.
Appearance of water channels in Xenopus oocytes expressing red cell CHIP28 protein.
A tissue-specific, naturally occurring human SNF2L variant inactivates chromatin remodeling.
Direct binding of CDC20 protein family members activates the anaphase-promoting complex in mitosis and G1.
AIF-1 expression modulates proliferation of human vascular smooth muscle cells by autocrine expression of G-CSF.
ABC50 promotes translation initiation in mammalian cells.
Specific interaction of the actin-binding domain of dystrophin with intermediate filaments containing keratin 19.
Identification of a ligand-binding site in an immunoglobulin fold domain of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae adhesion protein alpha-agglutinin.
RAB-10 is required for endocytic recycling in the Caenorhabditis elegans intestine.
Drosophila Brain Tumor is a translational repressor.
Relief of gene repression by torso RTK signaling: role of capicua in Drosophila terminal and dorsoventral patterning.
Identification of the sucrose non-fermenting related kinase SNRK, as a novel LKB1 substrate.
Txk, a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase of the Tec family, is expressed in T helper type 1 cells and regulates interferon gamma production in human T lymphocytes.
Expression of the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible protein kinase, Sgk, is a cell survival response to multiple types of environmental stress stimuli in mammary epithelial cells.
Activation of the E3 ligase function of the BRCA1/BARD1 complex by polyubiquitin chains.
Ketopantoate hydroxymethyltransferase. I. Purification and role in pantothenate biosynthesis.
Structures of the human and Drosophila 80S ribosome.
The gravitropism defective 2 mutants of Arabidopsis are deficient in a protein implicated in endocytosis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Human Upf proteins target an mRNA for nonsense-mediated decay when bound downstream of a termination codon.
Arabidopsis map kinase 4 negatively regulates systemic acquired resistance.
Impaired NMDA receptor-mediated postsynaptic function and blunted NMDA receptor-dependent persistent pain in mice lacking postsynaptic density-93 protein.
p38gamma MAPK regulation of glucose transporter expression and glucose uptake in L6 myotubes and mouse skeletal muscle.
Regulation of microtubule-dependent protein transport by the TSC2/mammalian target of rapamycin pathway.
Altered patterns of sleep and behavioral adaptability in NPAS2-deficient mice.
Myo1c binds phosphoinositides through a putative pleckstrin homology domain.
Critical role of PICT-1, a tumor suppressor candidate, in phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate signals and tumorigenic transformation.
Redistribution of Na(V)1.8 in uninjured axons enables neuropathic pain.
The F pilus mediates a novel pathway of CDI toxin import.
Regulation of the dauBAR operon and characterization of D-amino acid dehydrogenase DauA in arginine and lysine catabolism of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1.
Olfactory adaptation depends on the Trp Ca2+ channel in Drosophila.
Clusterin is an ATP-independent chaperone with very broad substrate specificity that stabilizes stressed proteins in a folding-competent state.
Human RioK3 is a novel component of cytoplasmic pre-40S pre-ribosomal particles.
Chromosome condensation by a human condensin complex in Xenopus egg extracts.
Factors required for the Uridylylation of the foot-and-mouth disease virus 3B1, 3B2, and 3B3 peptides by the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (3Dpol) in vitro.
Dual specificity protein kinase activity of testis-specific protein kinase 1 and its regulation by autophosphorylation of serine-215 within the activation loop.
CRACM1 is a plasma membrane protein essential for store-operated Ca2+ entry.
Characterization of human FAST-1, a TGF beta and activin signal transducer.
Lactate enhances the acid-sensing Na+ channel on ischemia-sensing neurons.
At5PTase13 modulates cotyledon vein development through regulating auxin homeostasis.
U2AF1 mutations alter sequence specificity of pre-mRNA binding and splicing.
Yellow fever virus capsid protein is a potent suppressor of RNA silencing that binds double-stranded RNA.
Functional divergence in the glutathione transferase superfamily in plants. Identification of two classes with putative functions in redox homeostasis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Phosphorylation of the RNA polymerase II carboxy-terminal domain by the Bur1 cyclin-dependent kinase.
Identification of Holliday junction resolvases from humans and yeast.
Specific binding and chemotactic activity of mBD4 and its functional orthologue hBD2 to CCR6-expressing cells.
Cdc13 cooperates with the yeast Ku proteins and Stn1 to regulate telomerase recruitment.
Interaction of high-molecular-weight kininogen with endothelial cell binding proteins suPAR, gC1qR and cytokeratin 1 determined by surface plasmon resonance (BiaCore).
Human cathepsin V functional expression, tissue distribution, electrostatic surface potential, enzymatic characterization, and chromosomal localization.
Structural basis of protein phosphatase 2A stable latency.
Putative anion transporter-1 (Pat-1, Slc26a6) contributes to intracellular pH regulation during H+-dipeptide transport in duodenal villous epithelium.
Mammalian selenoprotein thioredoxin-glutathione reductase. Roles in disulfide bond formation and sperm maturation.
Regulation of receptor fate by ubiquitination of activated beta 2-adrenergic receptor and beta-arrestin.
MnmA and IscS are required for in vitro 2-thiouridine biosynthesis in Escherichia coli.
LRP4 mutations alter Wnt/beta-catenin signaling and cause limb and kidney malformations in Cenani-Lenz syndrome.
NC1 domain of human type VIII collagen (alpha 1) inhibits bovine aortic endothelial cell proliferation and causes cell apoptosis.
Inherited BCL10 deficiency impairs hematopoietic and nonhematopoietic immunity.
A human homolog of angiotensin-converting enzyme. Cloning and functional expression as a captopril-insensitive carboxypeptidase.
Human topoisomerase IIIalpha is a single-stranded DNA decatenase that is stimulated by BLM and RMI1.
Tn5 transposase active site mutants.
CED-1 is a transmembrane receptor that mediates cell corpse engulfment in C. elegans.
A novel type I cytokine receptor is expressed on monocytes, signals proliferation, and activates STAT-3 and STAT-5.
Mutations in DYNC2LI1 disrupt cilia function and cause short rib polydactyly syndrome.
Ethanol up-regulates fatty acid uptake and plasma membrane expression and export of mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase in HepG2 cells.
PARP16/ARTD15 is a novel endoplasmic-reticulum-associated mono-ADP-ribosyltransferase that interacts with, and modifies karyopherin-ß1.
MAGE-A1 interacts with adaptor SKIP and the deacetylase HDAC1 to repress transcription.
The role of the transcriptional regulator Ptf1a in converting intestinal to pancreatic progenitors.
NMR structure of a minimized human agouti related protein prepared by total chemical synthesis.
Starvation promotes Dictyostelium development by relieving PufA inhibition of PKA translation through the YakA kinase pathway.
TRIM37 defective in mulibrey nanism is a novel RING finger ubiquitin E3 ligase.
Binding of phytochrome B to its nuclear signalling partner PIF3 is reversibly induced by light.
Human carcinoembryonic antigen functions as a general inhibitor of anoikis.
Isolation and characterization of pmk-(1-3): three p38 homologs in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Distinct structural domains within C19ORF5 support association with stabilized microtubules and mitochondrial aggregation and genome destruction.
Mutations in ATP1A1 Cause Dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth Type 2.
A bacterium that degrades and assimilates poly(ethylene terephthalate).
An F-domain introduced by alternative splicing regulates activity of the zebrafish thyroid hormone receptor alpha.
Glycosyltransferase activity of Fringe modulates Notch-Delta interactions.
Expression of leptin receptors and response to leptin stimulation of human natural killer cell lines.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a mitochondrial selenocysteine-containing thioredoxin reductase from rat liver.
RGS14 is a microtubule-associated protein.
Two FHA domains on an ABC transporter, Rv1747, mediate its phosphorylation by PknF, a Ser/Thr protein kinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Identification of a receptor necessary for Nogo-B stimulated chemotaxis and morphogenesis of endothelial cells.
Isolation, synthesis and pharmacological characterization of delta-palutoxins IT, novel insecticidal toxins from the spider Paracoelotes luctuosus (Amaurobiidae).
Cloning of an emopamil-binding protein (EBP)-like protein that lacks sterol delta8-delta7 isomerase activity.
Ataxin-2-like is a regulator of stress granules and processing bodies.
Alpha-adaptin, a marker for endocytosis, is expressed in complex patterns during Drosophila development.
spalt encodes an evolutionarily conserved zinc finger protein of novel structure which provides homeotic gene function in the head and tail region of the Drosophila embryo.
Coordinated polar localization of auxin efflux carrier PIN1 by GNOM ARF GEF.
Interaction between periostin and BMP-1 promotes proteolytic activation of lysyl oxidase.
The tyrosine kinase negative regulator c-Cbl as a RING-type, E2-dependent ubiquitin-protein ligase.
The membrane glycoprotein gp150 is encoded by the lagC gene and mediates cell-cell adhesion by heterophilic binding during Dictyostelium development.
Essential role of Fkbp6 in male fertility and homologous chromosome pairing in meiosis.
The endopolyphosphatase gene: essential in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Recruitment of O-GlcNAc transferase to promoters by corepressor mSin3A: coupling protein O-GlcNAcylation to transcriptional repression.
Hepatocyte growth factor is a preferred in vitro substrate for human hepsin, a membrane-anchored serine protease implicated in prostate and ovarian cancers.
dSmurf selectively degrades decapentaplegic-activated MAD, and its overexpression disrupts imaginal disc development.
Functional analysis of Waardenburg syndrome-associated PAX3 and SOX10 mutations: report of a dominant-negative SOX10 mutation in Waardenburg syndrome type II.
Estrogen-induced activation of Erk-1 and Erk-2 requires the G protein-coupled receptor homolog, GPR30, and occurs via trans-activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor through release of HB-EGF.
Akt phosphorylates and regulates Pdcd4 tumor suppressor protein.
Studies on the function of oligosaccharyl transferase subunits. Stt3p is directly involved in the glycosylation process.
Silent information regulator 2 family of NAD- dependent histone/protein deacetylases generates a unique product, 1-O-acetyl-ADP-ribose.
The 5-HT3B subunit is a major determinant of serotonin-receptor function.
Kif3a interacts with Dynactin subunit p150 Glued to organize centriole subdistal appendages.
Type Ialpha phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate 5-kinase mediates Rac-dependent actin assembly.
Association of the adaptor TANK with the I kappa B kinase (IKK) regulator NEMO connects IKK complexes with IKK epsilon and TBK1 kinases.
Mutations in γ adducin are associated with inherited cerebral palsy.
A Drosophila homolog of the polyglutamine disease gene SCA2 is a dosage-sensitive regulator of actin filament formation.
Site-directed substitution of Ser1406 of hamster CAD with glutamic acid alters allosteric regulation of carbamyl phosphate synthetase II.
Identification of the genes involved in enhanced fenretinide-induced apoptosis by parthenolide in human hepatoma cells.
Mutations in host cell factor 1 separate its role in cell proliferation from recruitment of VP16 and LZIP.
Phosphorylation of myosin-binding subunit (MBS) of myosin phosphatase by Rho-kinase in vivo.
Genome-wide suppression of aberrant mRNA-like noncoding RNAs by NMD in Arabidopsis.
Mechanism of nonhomologous end-joining in mycobacteria: a low-fidelity repair system driven by Ku, ligase D and ligase C.
Characterization of spoIVA, a sporulation gene involved in coat morphogenesis in Bacillus subtilis.
Essential roles of KIF4 and its binding partner PRC1 in organized central spindle midzone formation.
RAMPs regulate the transport and ligand specificity of the calcitonin-receptor-like receptor.
The T protein encoded by Brachyury is a tissue-specific transcription factor.
Visual circuit assembly requires fine tuning of the novel Ig transmembrane protein Borderless.
Distinct functions of the Drosophila Nup153 and Nup214 FG domains in nuclear protein transport.
G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 (GRK4) regulates the phosphorylation and function of the dopamine D3 receptor.
Spire contains actin binding domains and is related to ascidian posterior end mark-5.
Deubiquitination of type 2 iodothyronine deiodinase by von Hippel-Lindau protein-interacting deubiquitinating enzymes regulates thyroid hormone activation.
Thrombocidins, microbicidal proteins from human blood platelets, are C-terminal deletion products of CXC chemokines.
RLK7, a leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase, is required for proper germination speed and tolerance to oxidative stress in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mixl1 is required for axial mesendoderm morphogenesis and patterning in the murine embryo.
Rap1-PDZ-GEF1 interacts with a neurotrophin receptor at late endosomes, leading to sustained activation of Rap1 and ERK and neurite outgrowth.
Identification of TIFA as an adapter protein that links tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6) to interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor-associated kinase-1 (IRAK-1) in IL-1 receptor signaling.
Hypersensitivity of DJ-1-deficient mice to 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyrindine (MPTP) and oxidative stress.
C. elegans PAT-4/ILK functions as an adaptor protein within integrin adhesion complexes.
Transcriptional repression of target genes by LEUNIG and SEUSS, two interacting regulatory proteins for Arabidopsis flower development.
The carcinoma-associated antigen EpCAM upregulates c-myc and induces cell proliferation.
Autophagy protein Rubicon mediates phagocytic NADPH oxidase activation in response to microbial infection or TLR stimulation.
Role of Grb7 targeting to focal contacts and its phosphorylation by focal adhesion kinase in regulation of cell migration.
Identification of two mammalian reductases involved in the two-carbon fatty acyl elongation cascade.
Translational regulatory mechanisms generate N-terminal glucocorticoid receptor isoforms with unique transcriptional target genes.
Clear relationship between ETF/ETFDH genotype and phenotype in patients with multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenation deficiency.
Myosin-X is a molecular motor that functions in filopodia formation.
Precocious cerebellum development and improved motor functions in mice lacking the astrocyte cilium-, patched 1-associated Gpr37l1 receptor.
Synip: a novel insulin-regulated syntaxin 4-binding protein mediating GLUT4 translocation in adipocytes.
The severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus NTPase/helicase belongs to a distinct class of 5' to 3' viral helicases.
The leader proteinase of foot-and-mouth disease virus negatively regulates the type I interferon pathway by acting as a viral deubiquitinase.
RNF13: a novel RING-type ubiquitin ligase over-expressed in pancreatic cancer.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase Triad3A negatively regulates the RIG-I/MAVS signaling pathway by targeting TRAF3 for degradation.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme/ADAM 17 mediates MUC1 shedding.
Cdc53/cullin and the essential Hrt1 RING-H2 subunit of SCF define a ubiquitin ligase module that activates the E2 enzyme Cdc34.
Cloning and characterization of AOEB166, a novel mammalian antioxidant enzyme of the peroxiredoxin family.
Segmentally restricted, cephalic expression of a leucine zipper gene during Drosophila embryogenesis.
Calcitermin, a novel antimicrobial peptide isolated from human airway secretions.
FBXO11 targets BCL6 for degradation and is inactivated in diffuse large B-cell lymphomas.
Identification of Murr1 as a regulator of the human delta epithelial sodium channel.
Regulation of the Caenorhabditis elegans longevity protein DAF-16 by insulin/IGF-1 and germline signaling.
Motor protein KIFC5A interacts with Nubp1 and Nubp2, and is implicated in the regulation of centrosome duplication.
Bacterial synthesis of active rat stearyl-CoA desaturase lacking the 26-residue amino-terminal amino acid sequence.
Ttrap is an essential modulator of Smad3-dependent Nodal signaling during zebrafish gastrulation and left-right axis determination.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity controls metabolic and malignant phenotype in cancer cells.
Congenital asplenia in mice and humans with mutations in a Pbx/Nkx2-5/p15 module.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel CXC chemokine macrophage inflammatory protein-2 gamma chemoattractant for human neutrophils and dendritic cells.
A Caenorhabditis elegans cohesion protein with functions in meiotic chromosome pairing and disjunction.
The human delta-opioid receptor: genomic organization, cDNA cloning, functional expression, and distribution in human brain.
The plant Apolipoprotein D ortholog protects Arabidopsis against oxidative stress.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae DNA repair gene RAD25 is required for transcription by RNA polymerase II.
RNA-binding protein Nrd1 directs poly(A)-independent 3'-end formation of RNA polymerase II transcripts.
Peptidoglycan hydrolytic activities associated with bacteriophage virions.
Hgs (Hrs), a FYVE domain protein, is involved in Smad signaling through cooperation with SARA.
Oxidative demethylation of 3-methylthymine and 3-methyluracil in single-stranded DNA and RNA by mouse and human FTO.
Characterization of the extra-large G protein alpha-subunit XLalphas. II. Signal transduction properties.
A calcium sensor and its interacting protein kinase are global regulators of abscisic acid signaling in Arabidopsis.
YY1AP, a novel co-activator of YY1.
Characterization of the role of CaMKI-like kinase (CKLiK) in human granulocyte function.
Crystal structure of the human monocyte-activating receptor, "Group 2" leukocyte Ig-like receptor A5 (LILRA5/LIR9/ILT11).
CAMP (C13orf8, ZNF828) is a novel regulator of kinetochore-microtubule attachment.
The kinase LKB1 mediates glucose homeostasis in liver and therapeutic effects of metformin.
The deubiquitinating enzyme USP1 regulates the Fanconi anemia pathway.
The dissociation of cohesin from chromosomes in prophase is regulated by Polo-like kinase.
The human Rhesus-associated RhAG protein and a kidney homologue promote ammonium transport in yeast.
Translocation of a calcium-permeable cation channel induced by insulin-like growth factor-I.
The mouse p (pink-eyed dilution) and human P genes, oculocutaneous albinism type 2 (OCA2), and melanosomal pH.
NHA-oc/NHA2: a mitochondrial cation-proton antiporter selectively expressed in osteoclasts.
Rab26 modulates the cell surface transport of α2-adrenergic receptors from the Golgi.
Disruption of the ATXN1-CIC complex causes a spectrum of neurobehavioral phenotypes in mice and humans.
MUC1 mucin core protein binds to the domain 1 of ICAM-1.
Fission yeast pap1-dependent transcription is negatively regulated by an essential nuclear protein, crm1.
Kazrin, a novel periplakin-interacting protein associated with desmosomes and the keratinocyte plasma membrane.
ZNF703 gene amplification at 8p12 specifies luminal B breast cancer.
Modulation of ER alpha transcriptional activity by the orphan nuclear receptor ERR beta and evidence for differential effects of long- and short-form splice variants.
Distinct roles for CARMIL isoforms in cell migration.
Direct association with inner centromere protein (INCENP) activates the novel chromosomal passenger protein, Aurora-C.
Human serum Paraoxonase/Arylesterase's retained hydrophobic N-terminal leader sequence associates with HDLs by binding phospholipids : apolipoprotein A-I stabilizes activity.
Murine Apg12p has a substrate preference for murine Apg7p over three Apg8p homologs.
Cyclin-dependent kinases regulate the antiproliferative function of Smads.
Integrin alpha v beta 6 is an RGD-dependent receptor for coxsackievirus A9.
Merlin/NF2 suppresses tumorigenesis by inhibiting the E3 ubiquitin ligase CRL4(DCAF1) in the nucleus.
Interaction of integrin beta1 with cytokeratin 1 in neuroblastoma NMB7 cells.
Functional properties of the predicted helicase of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Mesendoderm and left-right brain, heart and gut development are differentially regulated by pitx2 isoforms.
Two calcium-dependent protein kinases, CPK4 and CPK11, regulate abscisic acid signal transduction in Arabidopsis.
IRAK-M is a novel member of the Pelle/interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase (IRAK) family.
Receptor-mediated adenylyl cyclase activation through XLalpha(s), the extra-large variant of the stimulatory G protein alpha-subunit.
Activation loop phosphorylation of ERK3/ERK4 by group I p21-activated kinases (PAKs) defines a novel PAK-ERK3/4-MAPK-activated protein kinase 5 signaling pathway.
A mucin-type O-glycosyltransferase modulates cell adhesion during Drosophila development.
Myotonic dystrophy protein kinase phosphorylates phospholamban and regulates calcium uptake in cardiomyocyte sarcoplasmic reticulum.
Myelin 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase: active-site ligand binding and molecular conformation.
NG2 proteoglycan promotes endothelial cell motility and angiogenesis via engagement of galectin-3 and alpha3beta1 integrin.
Evidence that polyadenylation factor CPSF-73 is the mRNA 3' processing endonuclease.
Cloning of a rat gene encoding the histo-blood group A enzyme. Tissue expression of the gene and of the A and B antigens.
Promoter variation in the DC-SIGN-encoding gene CD209 is associated with tuberculosis.
The E. coli effector protein NleF is a caspase inhibitor.
Human AlkB homolog 1 is a mitochondrial protein that demethylates 3-methylcytosine in DNA and RNA.
The Xenopus laevis aurora-related protein kinase pEg2 associates with and phosphorylates the kinesin-related protein XlEg5.
The exon junction complex is detected on CBP80-bound but not eIF4E-bound mRNA in mammalian cells: dynamics of mRNP remodeling.
Simian Virus 40 depends on ER protein folding and quality control factors for entry into host cells.
Ca2+-calmodulin-dependent protein kinase expression and signalling in skeletal muscle during exercise.
TPK1, a Ca(2+)-regulated Arabidopsis vacuole two-pore K(+) channel is activated by 14-3-3 proteins.
JIP3 mediates TrkB axonal anterograde transport and enhances BDNF signaling by directly bridging TrkB with kinesin-1.
B7-DC, a new dendritic cell molecule with potent costimulatory properties for T cells.
Identification of APOBEC3DE as another antiretroviral factor from the human APOBEC family.
The Drosophila cell survival gene discs lost encodes a cytoplasmic Codanin-1-like protein, not a homolog of tight junction PDZ protein Patj.
N-terminal transcriptional activation domain of LZIP comprises two LxxLL motifs and the host cell factor-1 binding motif.
Poliovirus entry into human brain microvascular cells requires receptor-induced activation of SHP-2.
Extracellular regulated kinases (ERK) 1 and ERK2 are authentic substrates for the dual-specificity protein-tyrosine phosphatase VHR. A novel role in down-regulating the ERK pathway.
A microtubule-associated zinc finger protein, BuGZ, regulates mitotic chromosome alignment by ensuring Bub3 stability and kinetochore targeting.
CENP-A phosphorylation by Aurora-A in prophase is required for enrichment of Aurora-B at inner centromeres and for kinetochore function.
Loss of ATP-dependent transport activity in pseudoxanthoma elasticum-associated mutants of human ABCC6 (MRP6).
Central nervous system antigen P84 can serve as a substrate for neurite outgrowth.
The HCC-domain of botulinum neurotoxins A and B exhibits a singular ganglioside binding site displaying serotype specific carbohydrate interaction.
Cell-cell contact formation governs Ca2+ signaling by TRPC4 in the vascular endothelium: evidence for a regulatory TRPC4-beta-catenin interaction.
Structural basis for mRNA Cap-Binding regulation of eukaryotic initiation factor 4E by 4E-binding protein, studied by spectroscopic, X-ray crystal structural, and molecular dynamics simulation methods.
Human RME-8 is involved in membrane trafficking through early endosomes.
The four-jointed gene is required in the Drosophila eye for ommatidial polarity specification.
Genetic basis of total colourblindness among the Pingelapese islanders.
Structural basis for functional cooperation between tandem helicase cassettes in Brr2-mediated remodeling of the spliceosome.
Familial Parkinson disease gene product, parkin, is a ubiquitin-protein ligase.
ESCRT-III binding protein MITD1 is involved in cytokinesis and has an unanticipated PLD fold that binds membranes.
P2X(7) is a scavenger receptor for apoptotic cells in the absence of its ligand, extracellular ATP.
alpha-oxidation of fatty acids in higher plants. Identification of a pathogen-inducible oxygenase (piox) as an alpha-dioxygenase and biosynthesis of 2-hydroperoxylinolenic acid.
Requirement of a 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein for leukotriene synthesis.
Discoidin domain receptors guide axons along longitudinal tracts in C. elegans.
Arylsulfatase G, a novel lysosomal sulfatase.
Dysfunction of spatacsin leads to axonal pathology in SPG11-linked hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Cell type-specific role of the retinoblastoma/E2F pathway during Arabidopsis leaf development.
PAK1 phosphorylation of MEK1 regulates fibronectin-stimulated MAPK activation.
The faciogenital dysplasia gene product FGD1 functions as a Cdc42Hs-specific guanine-nucleotide exchange factor.
Skp1-Cullin-F-box-dependent degradation of Aah1p requires its interaction with the F-box protein Saf1p.
Rab11 and its effector Rip11 participate in regulation of insulin granule exocytosis.
SKI and MEL1 cooperate to inhibit transforming growth factor-beta signal in gastric cancer cells.
GLP-1 and GLP-1(7-36) amide: influences on basal and stimulated insulin and glucagon secretion in the mouse.
The Arabidopsis phi class glutathione transferase AtGSTF2: binding and regulation by biologically active heterocyclic ligands.
A role for the Tec family tyrosine kinase Txk in T cell activation and thymocyte selection.
Positional signaling mediated by a receptor-like kinase in Arabidopsis.
Negative regulation of glial engulfment activity by Draper terminates glial responses to axon injury.
Ribosomal protein S1 functions as a termination factor in RNA synthesis by Qβ phage replicase.
USH3A transcripts encode clarin-1, a four-transmembrane-domain protein with a possible role in sensory synapses.
Human DnaJ homologs dj2 and dj3, and bag-1 are positive cochaperones of hsc70.
Inhibition of vascular endothelial growth factor expression in HEC1A endometrial cancer cells through interactions of estrogen receptor alpha and Sp3 proteins.
A novel splice variant of GLI1 that promotes glioblastoma cell migration and invasion.
West Nile virus inhibits the signal transduction pathway of alpha interferon.
Rab13 regulates neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells through its effector protein, JRAB/MICAL-L2.
Essential role of Vav family guanine nucleotide exchange factors in EphA receptor-mediated angiogenesis.
Human Cdc34 and Rad6B ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes target repressors of cyclic AMP-induced transcription for proteolysis.
Kinetic studies of yeast nucleoside diphosphate kinase.
Transforming potential of the herpesvirus oncoprotein MEQ: morphological transformation, serum-independent growth, and inhibition of apoptosis.
Botulinum neurotoxin A activity is dependent upon the presence of specific gangliosides in neuroblastoma cells expressing synaptotagmin I.
Function of plastidial pyruvate kinases in seeds of Arabidopsis thaliana.
In Candida albicans, the Nim1 kinases Gin4 and Hsl1 negatively regulate pseudohypha formation and Gin4 also controls septin organization.
Activation of MAPK kinase 9 induces ethylene and camalexin biosynthesis and enhances sensitivity to salt stress in Arabidopsis.
L1 syndrome mutations impair neuronal L1 function at different levels by divergent mechanisms.
Activation of human eosinophils through leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor 7.
Apoptosis-inducing factor plays a critical role in caspase-independent, pyknotic cell death in hydrogen peroxide-exposed cells.
Silencing of human polycomb target genes is associated with methylation of histone H3 Lys 27.
tRNA binding, structure, and localization of the human interferon-induced protein IFIT5.
Yeast Cdc42 GTPase and Ste20 PAK-like kinase regulate Sho1-dependent activation of the Hog1 MAPK pathway.
Functional analysis of the Hsp90-associated human peptidyl prolyl cis/trans isomerases FKBP51, FKBP52 and Cyp40.
Tie-2-dependent activation of RhoA and Rac1 participates in endothelial cell motility triggered by angiopoietin-1.
Fritz: a secreted frizzled-related protein that inhibits Wnt activity.
Characterization of PDK2 activity against protein kinase B gamma.
RpS3, a DNA repair endonuclease and ribosomal protein, is involved in apoptosis.
Cloning and expression of a novel lysophospholipase which structurally resembles lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase.
Regulation of RhoA-dependent ROCKII activation by Shp2.
The kinetic mechanism of Myo1e (human myosin-IC).
Identification of substrates of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis proteasome.
The silencing protein SIR2 and its homologs are NAD-dependent protein deacetylases.
A novel isoenzyme of aldehyde dehydrogenase specifically involved in the biosynthesis of 9-cis and all-trans retinoic acid.
Activation of Na+/K+-ATPase by the serum and glucocorticoid-dependent kinase isoforms.
Rab GTPase-Myo5B complexes control membrane recycling and epithelial polarization.
Conopressin-T from Conus tulipa reveals an antagonist switch in vasopressin-like peptides.
RET finger protein is a transcriptional repressor and interacts with enhancer of polycomb that has dual transcriptional functions.
Antisense inhibition of protein phosphatase 2C accelerates cold acclimation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Wnt2/2b and beta-catenin signaling are necessary and sufficient to specify lung progenitors in the foregut.
Degradation of lipid vesicles in the yeast vacuole requires function of Cvt17, a putative lipase.
Drosophila short neuropeptide F regulates food intake and body size.
Biochemical characterization of WrbA, founding member of a new family of multimeric flavodoxin-like proteins.
Functional characterization of the NCC27 nuclear protein in stable transfected CHO-K1 cells.
TRB3, a novel ER stress-inducible gene, is induced via ATF4-CHOP pathway and is involved in cell death.
Selective and ATP-dependent translocation of peptides by the homodimeric ATP binding cassette transporter TAP-like (ABCB9).
RelB, a new Rel family transcription activator that can interact with p50-NF-kappa B.
Gamma-BAR, a novel AP-1-interacting protein involved in post-Golgi trafficking.
Structure of HP1 chromodomain bound to a lysine 9-methylated histone H3 tail.
BORIS, a novel male germ-line-specific protein associated with epigenetic reprogramming events, shares the same 11-zinc-finger domain with CTCF, the insulator protein involved in reading imprinting marks in the soma.
A novel human CC chemokine, eotaxin-3, which is expressed in IL-4-stimulated vascular endothelial cells, exhibits potent activity toward eosinophils.
Activation of Ras/Erk pathway by a novel MET-interacting protein RanBPM.
Siva-1 binds to and inhibits BCL-X(L)-mediated protection against UV radiation-induced apoptosis.
Repression of the transcription factor Th-POK by Runx complexes in cytotoxic T cell development.
Structural insights into aldosterone synthase substrate specificity and targeted inhibition.
Staufen, a gene required to localize maternal RNAs in the Drosophila egg.
The EB1 homolog Mal3 stimulates the ATPase of the kinesin Tea2 by recruiting it to the microtubule.
Induction of the LRP16 gene by estrogen promotes the invasive growth of Ishikawa human endometrial cancer cells through the downregulation of E-cadherin.
Nuclear envelope phosphatase 1-regulatory subunit 1 (formerly TMEM188) is the metazoan Spo7p ortholog and functions in the lipin activation pathway.
Identification of the neuroblastoma-amplified gene product as a component of the syntaxin 18 complex implicated in Golgi-to-endoplasmic reticulum retrograde transport.
Hook2 localizes to the centrosome, binds directly to centriolin/CEP110 and contributes to centrosomal function.
Phosphorylation at Tyr-838 in the kinase domain of EphA8 modulates Fyn binding to the Tyr-615 site by enhancing tyrosine kinase activity.
Epiregulin binds to epidermal growth factor receptor and ErbB-4 and induces tyrosine phosphorylation of epidermal growth factor receptor, ErbB-2, ErbB-3 and ErbB-4.
Identification and characterization of a strict and a promiscuous N-acetylglucosamine-1-P uridylyltransferase in Arabidopsis.
Cdc2-like kinases and DNA topoisomerase I regulate alternative splicing of tissue factor in human endothelial cells.
Insulin and insulin-like-growth-factor-I (IGF-I) receptors in Xenopus laevis oocytes. Comparison with insulin receptors from liver and muscle.
Targeting of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases to MEF2 transcription factors.
The herpes simplex virus type 1 U(S)11 protein interacts with protein kinase R in infected cells and requires a 30-amino-acid sequence adjacent to a kinase substrate domain.
The NMDA receptor GluN2C subunit controls cortical excitatory-inhibitory balance, neuronal oscillations and cognitive function.
The novel BLM3 gene encodes a protein that protects against lethal effects of oxidative damage.
An assembly chaperone collaborates with the SMN complex to generate spliceosomal SnRNPs.
Down-regulation of c-Fos/c-Jun AP-1 dimer activity by sumoylation.
Human MMS21/NSE2 is a SUMO ligase required for DNA repair.
The UbcH8 ubiquitin E2 enzyme is also the E2 enzyme for ISG15, an IFN-alpha/beta-induced ubiquitin-like protein.
Inhibition of calcineurin by a novel FK-506-binding protein.
Aberrant localization of intracellular organelles, Ca2+ signaling, and exocytosis in Mist1 null mice.
The multi-subunit GID/CTLH E3 ubiquitin ligase promotes cell proliferation and targets the transcription factor Hbp1 for degradation.
Calmodulin-dependent kinase IV links Toll-like receptor 4 signaling with survival pathway of activated dendritic cells.
Regulation of an ATG7-beclin 1 program of autophagic cell death by caspase-8.
Regulation of G6PD acetylation by SIRT2 and KAT9 modulates NADPH homeostasis and cell survival during oxidative stress.
RC3/Neurogranin and Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II produce opposing effects on the affinity of calmodulin for calcium.
Mechanism of regulation of the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha by the von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor protein.
Histone H2A.Z has a conserved function that is distinct from that of the major H2A sequence variants.
Suppression of slow delayed rectifier current by a truncated isoform of KvLQT1 cloned from normal human heart.
RAGE mediates a novel proinflammatory axis: a central cell surface receptor for S100/calgranulin polypeptides.
Cortical constriction during abscission involves helices of ESCRT-III-dependent filaments.
Autonomous control of cell and organ size by CHICO, a Drosophila homolog of vertebrate IRS1-4.
TAC-1, a regulator of microtubule length in the C. elegans embryo.
TAC-1 and ZYG-9 form a complex that promotes microtubule assembly in C. elegans embryos.
Target proteins of the cytosolic thioredoxins in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Oligomerisation of Tube and Pelle leads to nuclear localisation of dorsal.
Control of T helper 2 cell function and allergic airway inflammation by PKCzeta.
A recurrent de novo mutation in KCNC1 causes progressive myoclonus epilepsy.
The conserved plant sterility gene HAP2 functions after attachment of fusogenic membranes in Chlamydomonas and Plasmodium gametes.
The crystal structure of feruloyl esterase A from Aspergillus niger suggests evolutive functional convergence in feruloyl esterase family.
GC factor 2 represses platelet-derived growth factor A-chain gene transcription and is itself induced by arterial injury.
Structural components of the nonstriated contractile apparatuses in the Caenorhabditis elegans gonadal myoepithelial sheath and their essential roles for ovulation.
Unwrapping glial biology: Gcm target genes regulating glial development, diversification, and function.
Circadian and light-induced transcription of clock gene Per1 depends on histone acetylation and deacetylation.
Interferon regulatory factor 1 (IRF-1) and IRF-2 distinctively up-regulate gene expression and production of interleukin-7 in human intestinal epithelial cells.
Caenorhabditis elegans lin-45 raf is essential for larval viability, fertility and the induction of vulval cell fates.
Elevated cholesterol metabolism and bile acid synthesis in mice lacking membrane tyrosine kinase receptor FGFR4.
Arabidopsis DCP2, DCP1, and VARICOSE form a decapping complex required for postembryonic development.
Regulation of clock and NPAS2 DNA binding by the redox state of NAD cofactors.
Over-expression of human UREB1 in colorectal cancer: HECT domain of human UREB1 inhibits the activity of tumor suppressor p53 protein.
NatF contributes to an evolutionary shift in protein N-terminal acetylation and is important for normal chromosome segregation.
Isolation, structure, and activity of GID, a novel alpha 4/7-conotoxin with an extended N-terminal sequence.
Increased synaptic microtubules and altered synapse development in Drosophila sec8 mutants.
Paired immunoglobulin-like receptor B (PIR-B) inhibits BCR-induced activation of Syk and Btk by SHP-1.
Sensing DNA damage through ATRIP recognition of RPA-ssDNA complexes.
Functional specificity of MutL homologs in yeast: evidence for three Mlh1-based heterocomplexes with distinct roles during meiosis in recombination and mismatch correction.
Net1 stimulates RNA polymerase I transcription and regulates nucleolar structure independently of controlling mitotic exit.
A novel eIF5A complex functions as a regulator of p53 and p53-dependent apoptosis.
ERdj5, an endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-resident protein containing DnaJ and thioredoxin domains, is expressed in secretory cells or following ER stress.
Degradation of CREB-binding protein and modulation of type I interferon induction by the zinc finger motif of the porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus nsp1α subunit.
Cloning of a gene for a novel epithelium-specific cytosolic phospholipase A2, cPLA2delta, induced in psoriatic skin.
Mist1 is necessary for the establishment of granule organization in serous exocrine cells of the gastrointestinal tract.
Caenorhabditis elegans FOS-1 and JUN-1 regulate plc-1 expression in the spermatheca to control ovulation.
IRF-7 is the master regulator of type-I interferon-dependent immune responses.
Regulation of secretory transport by protein kinase D-mediated phosphorylation of the ceramide transfer protein.
Leupaxin negatively regulates B cell receptor signaling.
Specificity of dimer formation in tropomyosins: influence of alternatively spliced exons on homodimer and heterodimer assembly.
Lbc proto-oncogene product binds to and could be negatively regulated by metastasis suppressor nm23-H2.
Growth-regulated expression and G0-specific turnover of the mRNA that encodes URH49, a mammalian DExH/D box protein that is highly related to the mRNA export protein UAP56.
hFis1, a novel component of the mammalian mitochondrial fission machinery.
Specific decrease in the level of Hic-5, a focal adhesion protein, during immortalization of mouse embryonic fibroblasts, and its association with focal adhesion kinase.
A phosphodiesterase 2A isoform localized to mitochondria regulates respiration.
Cinnamate metabolism in ripening fruit. Characterization of a UDP-glucose:cinnamate glucosyltransferase from strawberry.
A complex with chromatin modifiers that occupies E2F- and Myc-responsive genes in G0 cells.
RAB7L1 interacts with LRRK2 to modify intraneuronal protein sorting and Parkinson's disease risk.
Carbohydrate recognition properties of human ficolins: glycan array screening reveals the sialic acid binding specificity of M-ficolin.
Disruption of Abcg5 and Abcg8 in mice reveals their crucial role in biliary cholesterol secretion.
Growth requirements of pyruvate-decarboxylase-negative Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Tau exon 10, whose missplicing causes frontotemporal dementia, is regulated by an intricate interplay of cis elements and trans factors.
M6a acts as a nerve growth factor-gated Ca(2+) channel in neuronal differentiation.
Translational control by the ER transmembrane kinase/ribonuclease IRE1 under ER stress.
Two novel IL-1 family members, IL-1 delta and IL-1 epsilon, function as an antagonist and agonist of NF-kappa B activation through the orphan IL-1 receptor-related protein 2.
TRIP12 functions as an E3 ubiquitin ligase of APP-BP1.
Functional analysis of PCSK2 coding variants: A founder effect in the Old Order Amish population.
Biosynthesis of the linkage region of glycosaminoglycans: cloning and activity of galactosyltransferase II, the sixth member of the beta 1,3-galactosyltransferase family (beta 3GalT6).
ERdj3, a stress-inducible endoplasmic reticulum DnaJ homologue, serves as a cofactor for BiP's interactions with unfolded substrates.
ABP1 is required for organized cell elongation and division in Arabidopsis embryogenesis.
Flamingo, a seven-pass transmembrane cadherin, regulates planar cell polarity under the control of Frizzled.
Structural basis of carbohydrate recognition by calreticulin.
Cbln1 is essential for synaptic integrity and plasticity in the cerebellum.
ACAPs are arf6 GTPase-activating proteins that function in the cell periphery.
Rabenosyn-5, a novel Rab5 effector, is complexed with hVPS45 and recruited to endosomes through a FYVE finger domain.
Characterization of vertebrate cohesin complexes and their regulation in prophase.
Protein kinase C signaling mediates a program of cell cycle withdrawal in the intestinal epithelium.
Fission yeast myosin-I, Myo1p, stimulates actin assembly by Arp2/3 complex and shares functions with WASp.
Further developmental roles of the Vestigial/Scalloped transcription complex during wing development in Drosophila melanogaster.
Noncanonical function of glutamyl-prolyl-tRNA synthetase: gene-specific silencing of translation.
Native E2F/RBF complexes contain Myb-interacting proteins and repress transcription of developmentally controlled E2F target genes.
Two sensor kinases contribute to the hypoxic response of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
PhoP-PhoQ-regulated loci are required for enhanced bile resistance in Salmonella spp.
TBC1D24, an ARF6-interacting protein, is mutated in familial infantile myoclonic epilepsy.
The purification and properties of beta-methylaspartase.
Nuclear speckles and nucleoli targeting by PIP2-PDZ domain interactions.
An F-box protein, FBXW5, negatively regulates TAK1 MAP3K in the IL-1beta signaling pathway.
Plant members of the alpha1-->3/4-fucosyltransferase gene family encode an alpha1-->4-fucosyltransferase, potentially involved in Lewis(a) biosynthesis, and two core alpha1-->3-fucosyltransferases.
The Meckel-Gruber Syndrome proteins MKS1 and meckelin interact and are required for primary cilium formation.
The G-protein-coupled receptor GCR1 regulates DNA synthesis through activation of phosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase C.
The Peutz-Jegher gene product LKB1 is a mediator of p53-dependent cell death.
A common phosphate binding site explains the unique substrate specificity of GSK3 and its inactivation by phosphorylation.
Ozone-sensitive arabidopsis rcd1 mutant reveals opposite roles for ethylene and jasmonate signaling pathways in regulating superoxide-dependent cell death.
Identification of HHR23A as a substrate for E6-associated protein-mediated ubiquitination.
DC-SIGN, a dendritic cell-specific HIV-1-binding protein that enhances trans-infection of T cells.
A novel heterodimeric cysteine protease is required for interleukin-1 beta processing in monocytes.
Cloning of adiponectin receptors that mediate antidiabetic metabolic effects.
AtOSA1, a member of the Abc1-like family, as a new factor in cadmium and oxidative stress response.
PTP1B regulates Eph receptor function and trafficking.
Differential activation of the inflammasome by caspase-1 adaptors ASC and Ipaf.
The human candidate tumor suppressor gene HIC1 recruits CtBP through a degenerate GLDLSKK motif.
Yeast Ysl2p, homologous to Sec7 domain guanine nucleotide exchange factors, functions in endocytosis and maintenance of vacuole integrity and interacts with the Arf-Like small GTPase Arl1p.
Enrichment of FLI1 and RUNX1 mutations in families with excessive bleeding and platelet dense granule secretion defects.
Osmosensor and osmoregulator properties of the betaine carrier BetP from Corynebacterium glutamicum in proteoliposomes.
Invasion of human breast cancer cells in vivo requires both paracrine and autocrine loops involving the colony-stimulating factor-1 receptor.
Crystal structure of the phosphatidylinositol 3,4-bisphosphate-binding pleckstrin homology (PH) domain of tandem PH-domain-containing protein 1 (TAPP1): molecular basis of lipid specificity.
Structure and dynamics of human apolipoprotein CIII.
hnRNP K: an HDM2 target and transcriptional coactivator of p53 in response to DNA damage.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis WhiB3 Responds to Vacuolar pH-induced Changes in Mycothiol Redox Potential to Modulate Phagosomal Maturation and Virulence.
Collagen XVI harbors an integrin alpha1 beta1 recognition site in its C-terminal domains.
Molecular cloning and expression of aquaporin 1 [correction of aquapolin 1] (AQP1) in dog kidney and erythroblasts.
Nuclear-localized Asunder regulates cytoplasmic dynein localization via its role in the integrator complex.
Mouse Eri1 interacts with the ribosome and catalyzes 5.8S rRNA processing.
Telomeric heterochromatin propagation and histone acetylation control mutually exclusive expression of antigenic variation genes in malaria parasites.
A ubiquitin E3 ligase Efp is up-regulated by interferons and conjugated with ISG15.
Crystal structure of the botulinum neurotoxin type G binding domain: insight into cell surface binding.
Core protein machinery for mammalian phosphatidylinositol 3,5-bisphosphate synthesis and turnover that regulates the progression of endosomal transport. Novel Sac phosphatase joins the ArPIKfyve-PIKfyve complex.
Cocaine affinity decreased by mutations of aromatic residue phenylalanine 105 in the transmembrane domain 2 of dopamine transporter.
Functional interaction of BRCA1/ATM-associated BAAT1 with the DNA-PK catalytic subunit.
Hydrophobic imbalance in the cytoplasmic domain of phospholamban is a determinant for lethal dilated cardiomyopathy.
Drosophila Dystrophin is required for integrity of the musculature.
Phosphorylation of microtubule-associated protein tau by AMPK-related kinases.
Identification and characterization of two unusual cGMP-stimulated phoshodiesterases in dictyostelium.
RAGE-dependent signaling in microglia contributes to neuroinflammation, Abeta accumulation, and impaired learning/memory in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Two disparate ligand-binding sites in the human P2Y1 receptor.
The dendritic cell-specific adhesion receptor DC-SIGN internalizes antigen for presentation to T cells.
Golgi-localized GAP for Cdc42 functions downstream of ARF1 to control Arp2/3 complex and F-actin dynamics.
Activity-induced protocadherin arcadlin regulates dendritic spine number by triggering N-cadherin endocytosis via TAO2beta and p38 MAP kinases.
Cooperation of Toll-like receptor 2 and 6 for cellular activation by soluble tuberculosis factor and Borrelia burgdorferi outer surface protein A lipoprotein: role of Toll-interacting protein and IL-1 receptor signaling molecules in Toll-like receptor 2 signaling.
Nonmuscle myosin light-chain kinase mediates neutrophil transmigration in sepsis-induced lung inflammation by activating beta2 integrins.
BimC motor protein KLP61F cycles between mitotic spindles and fusomes in Drosophila germ cells.
GGAPs, a new family of bifunctional GTP-binding and GTPase-activating proteins.
SHPS-1 is a scaffold for assembling distinct adhesion-regulated multi-protein complexes in macrophages.
Profiling Lgals9 splice variant expression at the fetal-maternal interface: implications in normal and pathological human pregnancy.
The M. tuberculosis HAD phosphatase (Rv3042c) interacts with host proteins and is inhibited by Clofazimine.
A role for salicylic acid and NPR1 in regulating cell growth in Arabidopsis.
The FBP interacting repressor targets TFIIH to inhibit activated transcription.
Structural basis of D-DOPA oxidation by D-amino acid oxidase: alternative pathway for dopamine biosynthesis.
Effect of mutagenesis at serine 653 of Arabidopsis thaliana acetohydroxyacid synthase on the sensitivity to imidazolinone and sulfonylurea herbicides.
Human 5' --> 3' exonuclease Xrn2 promotes transcription termination at co-transcriptional cleavage sites.
The acid-activated ion channel ASIC contributes to synaptic plasticity, learning, and memory.
The fission yeast cytokinesis formin Cdc12p is a barbed end actin filament capping protein gated by profilin.
Selective activation of the B natriuretic peptide receptor by C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP).
The Steap proteins are metalloreductases.
Fast1 is required for the development of dorsal axial structures in zebrafish.
Regulation of podosome formation in macrophages by a splice variant of the sodium channel SCN8A.
The zebrafish forkhead transcription factor FoxH1/Fast1 is a modulator of nodal signaling required for organizer formation.
Nuclear Mitotic Apparatus (NuMA) Interacts with and Regulates Astrin at the Mitotic Spindle.
Granzyme A activates an endoplasmic reticulum-associated caspase-independent nuclease to induce single-stranded DNA nicks.
Identification of the amino acid region involved in the intercellular interaction between the β1 subunits of Na+/K+ -ATPase.
Gef1p and Scd1p, the Two GDP-GTP exchange factors for Cdc42p, form a ring structure that shrinks during cytokinesis in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
RIOK3 interacts with caspase-10 and negatively regulates the NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Phosphorylation of high-mobility group protein A2 by Nek2 kinase during the first meiotic division in mouse spermatocytes.
The chaperone environment at the cytoplasmic face of the endoplasmic reticulum can modulate rhodopsin processing and inclusion formation.
Unique, shared, and redundant roles for the Arabidopsis SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling ATPases BRAHMA and SPLAYED.
ARGONAUTE4 control of locus-specific siRNA accumulation and DNA and histone methylation.
The antiangiogenic effect of thrombospondin-2 is mediated by CD36 and modulated by histidine-rich glycoprotein.
Short-chain fatty acids stimulate leptin production in adipocytes through the G protein-coupled receptor GPR41.
The Arabidopsis double-stranded RNA-binding protein HYL1 plays a role in microRNA-mediated gene regulation.
The N-terminal conserved domain of rubella virus capsid interacts with the C-terminal region of cellular p32 and overexpression of p32 enhances the viral infectivity.
Galactosyl transferases in mycobacterial cell wall synthesis.
IL-28, IL-29 and their class II cytokine receptor IL-28R.
Probing the mechanism of the bifunctional enzyme ketol-acid reductoisomerase by site-directed mutagenesis of the active site.
Homotypic fusion of ER membranes requires the dynamin-like GTPase atlastin.
Structural basis of the autophagy-related LC3/Atg13 LIR complex: recognition and interaction mechanism.
Eya1-deficient mice lack ears and kidneys and show abnormal apoptosis of organ primordia.
Ocular albinism: evidence for a defect in an intracellular signal transduction system.
The Angelman Syndrome protein Ube3A regulates synapse development by ubiquitinating arc.
Annexin A2 is a natural extrahepatic inhibitor of the PCSK9-induced LDL receptor degradation.
Transcriptional cross-activation between toxin-antitoxin systems of Escherichia coli.
Secreted kinase phosphorylates extracellular proteins that regulate biomineralization.
cDNA cloning, functional characterization, and tissue distribution of an alternatively spliced variant of organic cation transporter hOCT2 predominantly expressed in the human kidney.
A novel human AP endonuclease with conserved zinc-finger-like motifs involved in DNA strand break responses.
Mutations in a novel gene lead to kidney tumors, lung wall defects, and benign tumors of the hair follicle in patients with the Birt-Hogg-Dubé syndrome.
The transcription factor RFX3 directs nodal cilium development and left-right asymmetry specification.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase HECTD3 regulates ubiquitination and degradation of Tara.
TRAF family proteins link PKR with NF-kappa B activation.
Identification and characterization of a novel human DNA glycosylase for repair of cytosine-derived lesions.
Disruptor of telomeric silencing-1 is a chromatin-specific histone H3 methyltransferase.
A role for Id2 in regulating photic entrainment of the mammalian circadian system.
Site-specific cleavage of the host poly(A) binding protein by the encephalomyocarditis virus 3C proteinase stimulates viral replication.
Expression of Arabidopsis GAI in transgenic rice represses multiple gibberellin responses.
PHF8, a gene associated with cleft lip/palate and mental retardation, encodes for an Nepsilon-dimethyl lysine demethylase.
Functional comparison of the effects of TARPs and cornichons on AMPA receptor trafficking and gating.
MKP-8, a novel MAPK phosphatase that inhibits p38 kinase.
CBL1, a calcium sensor that differentially regulates salt, drought, and cold responses in Arabidopsis.
Atypical Rho GTPases have roles in mitochondrial homeostasis and apoptosis.
TatD is a cytoplasmic protein with DNase activity. No requirement for TatD family proteins in sec-independent protein export.
Phytosulfokine Regulates Growth in Arabidopsis through a Response Module at the Plasma Membrane That Includes CYCLIC NUCLEOTIDE-GATED CHANNEL17, H+-ATPase, and BAK1.
Preptin, another peptide product of the pancreatic beta-cell, is osteogenic in vitro and in vivo.
DREAM is a critical transcriptional repressor for pain modulation.
HLA-G homodimer-induced cytokine secretion through HLA-G receptors on human decidual macrophages and natural killer cells.
Variations in the response of mouse isozymes of adenylosuccinate synthetase to inhibitors of physiological relevance.
RIN4 interacts with Pseudomonas syringae type III effector molecules and is required for RPM1-mediated resistance in Arabidopsis.
c-MYC activates protein kinase A (PKA) by direct transcriptional activation of the PKA catalytic subunit beta (PKA-Cbeta) gene.
Isolation of a human gene that inhibits HIV-1 infection and is suppressed by the viral Vif protein.
Isolation of mouse TFIID and functional characterization of TBP and TFIID in mediating estrogen receptor and chromatin transcription.
The lung innate immune gene surfactant protein-D is expressed in adipose tissue and linked to obesity status.
Interaction of Akt-phosphorylated SRPK2 with 14-3-3 mediates cell cycle and cell death in neurons.
Zebrafish as a model organism for the identification and characterization of drugs and genes affecting p53 signaling.
Neuropsin regulates an early phase of schaffer-collateral long-term potentiation in the murine hippocampus.
The RNA binding protein Larp1 regulates cell division, apoptosis and cell migration.
The human 18S U11/U12 snRNP contains a set of novel proteins not found in the U2-dependent spliceosome.
RyR3 amplifies RyR1-mediated Ca(2+)-induced Ca(2+) release in neonatal mammalian skeletal muscle.
A second hepatitis C virus-encoded proteinase.
Silencing of the mitogen-activated protein kinase MPK6 compromises disease resistance in Arabidopsis.
Alpha4 is an essential regulator of PP2A phosphatase activity.
The TrkB-Shc site signals neuronal survival and local axon growth via MEK and P13-kinase.
Involvement of Chk1 kinase in prophase I arrest of Xenopus oocytes.
Cloning of cDNAs encoding isopropylmalate dehydrogenase from Arabidopsis thaliana and accumulation patterns of their transcripts.
The otubain YOD1 is a deubiquitinating enzyme that associates with p97 to facilitate protein dislocation from the ER.
Hep27, a member of the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase family, is an NADPH-dependent dicarbonyl reductase expressed in vascular endothelial tissue.
KDM7 is a dual demethylase for histone H3 Lys 9 and Lys 27 and functions in brain development.
PKA-dependent regulation of the histone lysine demethylase complex PHF2-ARID5B.
CARPs enhance p53 turnover by degrading 14-3-3sigma and stabilizing MDM2.
Two novel proteins that are linked to insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) receptors by the Grb10 adapter and modulate IGF-I signaling.
Characterization of a human coagulation factor Xa-binding site on Viperidae snake venom phospholipases A2 by affinity binding studies and molecular bioinformatics.
Cerebellar ataxia, seizures, premature death, and cardiac abnormalities in mice with targeted disruption of the Cacna2d2 gene.
The prodomain of a secreted hydrophobic mini-protein facilitates its export from the endoplasmic reticulum by hitchhiking on sorting receptors.
The major vault protein is responsive to and interferes with interferon-gamma-mediated STAT1 signals.
Loss of CHSY1, a secreted FRINGE enzyme, causes syndromic brachydactyly in humans via increased NOTCH signaling.
Characterization of palladin, a novel protein localized to stress fibers and cell adhesions.
Cdc37 (cell division cycle 37) restricts Hsp90 (heat shock protein 90) motility by interaction with N-terminal and middle domain binding sites.
C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) up-regulates IL-6 transcription by trapping negative regulating NF-IL6 isoform.
Mutations in synaptojanin disrupt synaptic vesicle recycling.
Loss of calcineurin homologous protein-1 in chicken B lymphoma DT40 cells destabilizes Na+/H+ exchanger isoform-1 protein.
Ribonuclease activity of rat liver perchloric acid-soluble protein, a potent inhibitor of protein synthesis.
Total arrest of spontaneous and evoked synaptic transmission but normal synaptogenesis in the absence of Munc13-mediated vesicle priming.
Paired activating and inhibitory immunoglobulin-like receptors, MAIR-I and MAIR-II, regulate mast cell and macrophage activation.
1-Cys peroxiredoxin, a bifunctional enzyme with glutathione peroxidase and phospholipase A2 activities.
Dual oxidases represent novel hydrogen peroxide sources supporting mucosal surface host defense.
Characterization of classical swine fever virus (CSFV) nonstructural protein 3 (NS3) helicase activity and its modulation by CSFV RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
Structures of human Pumilio with noncognate RNAs reveal molecular mechanisms for binding promiscuity.
The GLFG regions of Nup116p and Nup100p serve as binding sites for both Kap95p and Mex67p at the nuclear pore complex.
Human complement 5a (C5a) anaphylatoxin receptor (CD88) phosphorylation sites and their specific role in receptor phosphorylation and attenuation of G protein-mediated responses. Desensitization of C5a receptor controls superoxide production but not receptor sequestration in HL-60 cells.
The transmembrane semaphorin Sema6A controls cerebellar granule cell migration.
Phosphorylation of tau is regulated by PKN.
Direct detection and kinetic analysis of covalent intermediate formation in the 4-amino-4-deoxychorismate synthase catalyzed reaction.
The receptor-like kinases GSO1 and GSO2 together regulate root growth in Arabidopsis through control of cell division and cell fate specification.
Molecular cloning of the human gene, PNKP, encoding a polynucleotide kinase 3'-phosphatase and evidence for its role in repair of DNA strand breaks caused by oxidative damage.
Identification of an apical Cl(-)/HCO3(-) exchanger in the small intestine.
Antioxidants inhibit nuclear export of telomerase reverse transcriptase and delay replicative senescence of endothelial cells.
Mutational analysis of a nucleosidase involved in quorum-sensing autoinducer-2 biosynthesis.
Novel repressor regulates insulin sensitivity through interaction with Foxo1.
SUMOylation silences heterodimeric TASK potassium channels containing K2P1 subunits in cerebellar granule neurons.
The plastidial glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase is critical for viable pollen development in Arabidopsis.
Desnutrin, an adipocyte gene encoding a novel patatin domain-containing protein, is induced by fasting and glucocorticoids: ectopic expression of desnutrin increases triglyceride hydrolysis.
Zebrafish sparse corresponds to an orthologue of c-kit and is required for the morphogenesis of a subpopulation of melanocytes, but is not essential for hematopoiesis or primordial germ cell development.
Omics-based identification of Arabidopsis Myb transcription factors regulating aliphatic glucosinolate biosynthesis.
The DFNA5 gene, responsible for hearing loss and involved in cancer, encodes a novel apoptosis-inducing protein.
Expression of actin-interacting protein 1 suppresses impaired chemotaxis of Dictyostelium cells lacking the Na+-H+ exchanger NHE1.
A novel pathway for MuSK to induce key genes in neuromuscular synapse formation.
p53 suppresses the c-Myb-induced activation of heat shock transcription factor 3.
Structure and function of the interacting domains of Spire and Fmn-family formins.
Phosphorylation by double-time/CKIepsilon and CKIalpha targets cubitus interruptus for Slimb/beta-TRCP-mediated proteolytic processing.
A dual function of the CRISPR-Cas system in bacterial antivirus immunity and DNA repair.
Claudin-1 is a hepatitis C virus co-receptor required for a late step in entry.
BLOC-3 mutated in Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome is a Rab32/38 guanine nucleotide exchange factor.
Polypyrimidine tract-binding protein-associated splicing factor is a negative regulator of transcriptional activity of the porcine p450scc insulin-like growth factor response element.
Overexpressed human mitochondrial thioredoxin confers resistance to oxidant-induced apoptosis in human osteosarcoma cells.
Distinct roles of nerve and muscle in postsynaptic differentiation of the neuromuscular synapse.
Gene cloning, RNA distribution, and functional expression of mCX3CR1, a mouse chemotactic receptor for the CX3C chemokine fractalkine.
Nucleolar Nek11 is a novel target of Nek2A in G1/S-arrested cells.
The amino terminus of the human C5a receptor is required for high affinity C5a binding and for receptor activation by C5a but not C5a analogs.
Prostaglandin D synthase gene is involved in the regulation of non-rapid eye movement sleep.
Identification and characterization of yUAP/Sub2p, a yeast homolog of the essential human pre-mRNA splicing factor hUAP56.
MOV10L1 is necessary for protection of spermatocytes against retrotransposons by Piwi-interacting RNAs.
Plexin-A3 mediates semaphorin signaling and regulates the development of hippocampal axonal projections.
NF-kappaB1/p105 regulates lipopolysaccharide-stimulated MAP kinase signaling by governing the stability and function of the Tpl2 kinase.
Binding of the human Prp31 Nop domain to a composite RNA-protein platform in U4 snRNP.
Two zinc finger proteins, OMA-1 and OMA-2, are redundantly required for oocyte maturation in C. elegans.
The role of charged residues in the transmembrane helices of monocarboxylate transporter 1 and its ancillary protein basigin in determining plasma membrane expression and catalytic activity.
A glycine-rich RNA-binding protein mediating cold-inducible suppression of mammalian cell growth.
A CRISPR/Cas system mediates bacterial innate immune evasion and virulence.
Priming of centromere for CENP-A recruitment by human hMis18alpha, hMis18beta, and M18BP1.
Structural and biochemical characterization of the type II fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase GlpX from Escherichia coli.
PI3K p110delta regulates T-cell cytokine production during primary and secondary immune responses in mice and humans.
ATP-dependent degradation of SulA, a cell division inhibitor, by the HslVU protease in Escherichia coli.
Identification of heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) as a phosphorylation target by Pim-1 kinase and the effect of phosphorylation on the transcriptional repression function of HP1(1).
Follicle-stimulating hormone inhibits all-trans-retinoic acid-induced retinoic acid receptor alpha nuclear localization and transcriptional activation in mouse Sertoli cell lines.
Formation of 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, a vasoactive and natriuretic eicosanoid, in human kidney. Role of Cyp4F2 and Cyp4A11.
Two biochemically distinct and tissue-specific twinfilin isoforms are generated from the mouse Twf2 gene by alternative promoter usage.
The TRC8 hereditary kidney cancer gene suppresses growth and functions with VHL in a common pathway.
75-kd sirtuin 1 blocks tumor necrosis factor α-mediated apoptosis in human osteoarthritic chondrocytes.
Regulation of Frizzled by fat-like cadherins during planar polarity signaling in the Drosophila compound eye.
Two cell-cycle regulated SET-domain proteins interact with proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) in Arabidopsis.
A T-DNA insertion knockout of the bifunctional lysine-ketoglutarate reductase/saccharopine dehydrogenase gene elevates lysine levels in Arabidopsis seeds.
The CeCDC-14 phosphatase is required for cytokinesis in the Caenorhabditis elegans embryo.
Regulation of the brown and white fat gene programs through a PRDM16/CtBP transcriptional complex.
Lola regulates midline crossing of CNS axons in Drosophila.
Recognition of histone H3K4 trimethylation by the plant homeodomain of PHF2 modulates histone demethylation.
Che-1 affects cell growth by interfering with the recruitment of HDAC1 by Rb.
The Gag cleavage product, p12, is a functional constituent of the murine leukemia virus pre-integration complex.
Interaction with PCNA is essential for yeast DNA polymerase eta function.
The conserved kinase UNC-51 acts with VAB-8 and UNC-14 to regulate axon outgrowth in C. elegans.
A ubiquitin-like system mediates protein lipidation.
Mouse NIPK interacts with ATF4 and affects its transcriptional activity.
PTIP associates with MLL3- and MLL4-containing histone H3 lysine 4 methyltransferase complex.
A Drosophila kinesin required for synaptic bouton formation and synaptic vesicle transport.
CCDC98 targets BRCA1 to DNA damage sites.
The transcriptional regulation role of BRD7 by binding to acetylated histone through bromodomain.
PKA phosphorylation dissociates FKBP12.6 from the calcium release channel (ryanodine receptor): defective regulation in failing hearts.
The Polycomb group protein EZH2 directly controls DNA methylation.
Effects of D3.49A, R3.50A, and A6.34E mutations on ligand binding and activation of the cannabinoid-2 (CB2) receptor.
Overexpression of two different GTPases rescues a null mutation in a heat-induced rRNA methyltransferase.
Pri sORF peptides induce selective proteasome-mediated protein processing.
Modulation of functional properties of laforin phosphatase by alternative splicing reveals a novel mechanism for the EPM2A gene in Lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy.
Members of the YjgF/YER057c/UK114 family of proteins inhibit phosphoribosylamine synthesis in vitro.
The Arabidopsis thaliana TAG1 mutant has a mutation in a diacylglycerol acyltransferase gene.
The hemochromatosis gene product complexes with the transferrin receptor and lowers its affinity for ligand binding.
The contribution of lysine-36 to catalysis by human myo-inositol monophosphatase.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 induces a novel transcription factor that causes cardiac myocyte apoptosis and ventricular dysfunction.
Characterization of the expression of the ALK receptor tyrosine kinase in mice.
The interaction of KCTD1 with transcription factor AP-2alpha inhibits its transactivation.
Mechanism of p21-activated kinase 6-mediated inhibition of androgen receptor signaling.
Chemical phosphorylation of histidine-containing peptides based on the sequence of histone H4 and their dephosphorylation by protein histidine phosphatase.
Identification of pleckstrin-homology-domain-containing proteins with novel phosphoinositide-binding specificities.
Inhibition of NF-κB activity by the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus nonstructural protein 1 for innate immune evasion.
Structure of human PIR1, an atypical dual-specificity phosphatase.
A molecular perspective of CTLA-4 function.
The salt-inducible kinase, SIK, is induced by depolarization in brain.
Molecular dissection of a yeast septin: distinct domains are required for septin interaction, localization, and function.
Characterization of C-terminal Splice Variants of Cav1.4 Ca2+ Channels in Human Retina.
Functional association of U2 snRNP with the ATP-independent spliceosomal complex E.
The final step in the formation of 25S rRNA in Saccharomyces cerevisiae is performed by 5'-->3' exonucleases.
Bacterial ribosome requires multiple L12 dimers for efficient initiation and elongation of protein synthesis involving IF2 and EF-G.
CSK: a protein-tyrosine kinase involved in regulation of src family kinases.
Mechanism of vitamin B12-responsiveness in cblC methylmalonic aciduria with homocystinuria.
The proteasomal de-ubiquitinating enzyme POH1 promotes the double-strand DNA break response.
Comparison of crystal structures of human type 3 3alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase reveals an "induced-fit" mechanism and a conserved basic motif involved in the binding of androgen.
Isolation of the human genes encoding the pyst1 and Pyst2 phosphatases: characterisation of Pyst2 as a cytosolic dual-specificity MAP kinase phosphatase and its catalytic activation by both MAP and SAP kinases.
BAIAP3, a C2 domain-containing Munc13 protein, controls the fate of dense-core vesicles in neuroendocrine cells.
SAX-7/L1CAM and HMR-1/cadherin function redundantly in blastomere compaction and non-muscle myosin accumulation during Caenorhabditis elegans gastrulation.
CHAPERONIN 20 mediates iron superoxide dismutase (FeSOD) activity independent of its co-chaperonin role in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.
The Drosophila learning and memory gene linotte encodes a putative receptor tyrosine kinase homologous to the human RYK gene product.
Roles of rat and human aldo-keto reductases in metabolism of farnesol and geranylgeraniol.
A secreted type of beta 1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase V (GnT-V) induces tumor angiogenesis without mediation of glycosylation: a novel function of GnT-V distinct from the original glycosyltransferase activity.
Rubella virus capsid protein induces apoptosis in transfected RK13 cells.
The structure of G117H mutant of butyrylcholinesterase: nerve agents scavenger.
The human language-associated gene SRPX2 regulates synapse formation and vocalization in mice.
Microtubule-associated protein 1B: a neuronal binding partner for gigaxonin.
Structural hierarchy controlling dimerization and target DNA recognition in the AHR transcriptional complex.
Molecular architecture of the human U4/U6.U5 tri-snRNP.
An Arabidopsis callose synthase.
Key components of the fission machinery are interchangeable.
seven-up Controls switching of transcription factors that specify temporal identities of Drosophila neuroblasts.
Methylation of protein phosphatase 2A-Influence of regulators and environmental stress factors.
Hedgehog-regulated Costal2-kinase complexes control phosphorylation and proteolytic processing of Cubitus interruptus.
The role of microtubule actin cross-linking factor 1 (MACF1) in the Wnt signaling pathway.
The attenuated inflammation of MPL is due to the lack of CD14-dependent tight dimerization of the TLR4/MD2 complex at the plasma membrane.
who encodes a KH RNA binding protein that functions in muscle development.
SynGAP-MUPP1-CaMKII synaptic complexes regulate p38 MAP kinase activity and NMDA receptor-dependent synaptic AMPA receptor potentiation.
Purification and characterization of a human liver cocaine carboxylesterase that catalyzes the production of benzoylecgonine and the formation of cocaethylene from alcohol and cocaine.
A protective role for protease-activated receptors in the airways.
The rat leukocyte-type 12-lipoxygenase exhibits an intrinsic hepoxilin A3 synthase activity.
Polyubiquitination of proliferating cell nuclear antigen by HLTF and SHPRH prevents genomic instability from stalled replication forks.
The SRA methyl-cytosine-binding domain links DNA and histone methylation.
Human SHPRH suppresses genomic instability through proliferating cell nuclear antigen polyubiquitination.
Ricin triggers apoptotic morphological changes through caspase-3 cleavage of BAT3.
Enzymatic characterization of human mitochondrial C1-tetrahydrofolate synthase.
Selective inhibition of the C-domain of angiotensin I converting enzyme by bradykinin potentiating peptides.
Cyclin T1 domains involved in complex formation with Tat and TAR RNA are critical for tat-activation.
Role of the human and murine cyclin T proteins in regulating HIV-1 tat-activation.
Disruption of the two digalactosyldiacylglycerol synthase genes DGD1 and DGD2 in Arabidopsis reveals the existence of an additional enzyme of galactolipid synthesis.
Cloning of gp-340, a putative opsonin receptor for lung surfactant protein D.
Dynamin-related protein Drp1 is required for mitochondrial division in mammalian cells.
Enhanced toxic metal accumulation in engineered bacterial cells expressing Arabidopsis thaliana phytochelatin synthase.
Acid-sensing ion channel 3 matches the acid-gated current in cardiac ischemia-sensing neurons.
5-HT(2A) receptors: location and functional analysis in intestines of wild-type and 5-HT(2A) knockout mice.
Identification of a cellular ligand for the natural cytotoxicity receptor NKp44.
Designation of enzyme activity of glycine-N-acyltransferase family genes and depression of glycine-N-acyltransferase in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
The structural basis for receptor recognition of human interleukin-18.
Molecular cloning of the alpha-1 subunit of an omega-conotoxin-sensitive calcium channel.
Tyrosine modifications and inactivation of active site manganese superoxide dismutase mutant (Y34F) by peroxynitrite.
Partitioning of the 2-microm circle plasmid of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Functional coordination with chromosome segregation and plasmid-encoded rep protein distribution.
Formation of MacroH2A-containing senescence-associated heterochromatin foci and senescence driven by ASF1a and HIRA.
Beta1 integrin mediates internalization of mammalian reovirus.
Altered Abeta formation and long-term potentiation in a calsenilin knock-out.
Ribosome-binding domain of eukaryotic initiation factor-2 kinase GCN2 facilitates translation control.
Tenascin-W is a specific marker of glioma-associated blood vessels and stimulates angiogenesis in vitro.
Antibacterial and antifungal activities of vasostatin-1, the N-terminal fragment of chromogranin A.
SHANK3 and IGF1 restore synaptic deficits in neurons from 22q13 deletion syndrome patients.
A GDF5 point mutation strikes twice--causing BDA1 and SYNS2.
Inhalational anesthetics activate two-pore-domain background K+ channels.
Yotiao, a novel protein of neuromuscular junction and brain that interacts with specific splice variants of NMDA receptor subunit NR1.
CLC chloride channels in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Zonulin and its regulation of intestinal barrier function: the biological door to inflammation, autoimmunity, and cancer.
The GTPase-activating protein Rap1GAP uses a catalytic asparagine.
A mammalian homolog of the zebrafish transmembrane protein 2 (TMEM2) is the long-sought-after cell-surface hyaluronidase.
Mice lacking protein phosphatase 5 are defective in ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM)-mediated cell cycle arrest.
The Arabidopsis PBS1 resistance gene encodes a member of a novel protein kinase subfamily.
Otd/Crx, a dual regulator for the specification of ommatidia subtypes in the Drosophila retina.
Soluble receptor inhibits leptin transport.
53BP1 regulates DSB repair using Rif1 to control 5' end resection.
Identification of the maturation factor for dual oxidase. Evolution of an eukaryotic operon equivalent.
Adenovirus type 11 uses CD46 as a cellular receptor.
The zinc finger protein Gfi-1 can enhance STAT3 signaling by interacting with the STAT3 inhibitor PIAS3.
The phytochrome A specific signaling component PAT3 is a positive regulator of Arabidopsis photomorphogenesis.
Evidence that Myb-related CDC5 proteins are required for pre-mRNA splicing.
Molecular characterization of a new metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR7 coupled to inhibitory cyclic AMP signal transduction.
Deubiquitinase USP37 is activated by CDK2 to antagonize APC(CDH1) and promote S phase entry.
Regulation of ZAP-70 activation and TCR signaling by two related proteins, Sts-1 and Sts-2.
Sumoylation is important for stability, subcellular localization, and transcriptional activity of SALL4, an essential stem cell transcription factor.
The polypeptide tunnel system in the ribosome and its gating in erythromycin resistance mutants of L4 and L22.
Herpes simplex virus glycoprotein D bound to the human receptor HveA.
G protein-coupled receptor kinase function is essential for chemosensation in C. elegans.
In planta functions of the Arabidopsis cytokinin receptor family.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of a human scavenger receptor with C-type lectin (SRCL), a novel member of a scavenger receptor family.
Modulation of alternative pre-mRNA splicing in vivo by pinin.
Keratins K2 and K10 are essential for the epidermal integrity of plantar skin.
The Epstein-Barr virus nuclear protein 2 acidic domain forms a complex with a novel cellular coactivator that can interact with TFIIE.
Impaired placental trophoblast lineage differentiation in Alkbh1(-/-) mice.
Expression of biologically active human follitropin in Chinese hamster ovary cells.
Bph1p, the Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue of CHS1/beige, functions in cell wall formation and protein sorting.
Roles of E. coli DNA polymerases IV and V in lesion-targeted and untargeted SOS mutagenesis.
Three two-component transporters with channel-like properties have monovalent cation/proton antiport activity.
Human CLASP1 is an outer kinetochore component that regulates spindle microtubule dynamics.
Isolation and characterization of the Drosophila nuclear envelope otefin cDNA.
Biochemical characterization of the class B acid phosphatase (AphA) of Escherichia coli MG1655.
Molecular characterization of a functional cDNA encoding the serotonin 1c receptor.
MBD2-MBD3 complex binds to hemi-methylated DNA and forms a complex containing DNMT1 at the replication foci in late S phase.
RNase L Cleavage Products Promote Switch from Autophagy to Apoptosis by Caspase-Mediated Cleavage of Beclin-1.
Identification of a human NF-kappaB-activating protein, TAB3.
LFA-1 contributes an early signal for NK cell cytotoxicity.
Human exonuclease 1 functionally complements its yeast homologues in DNA recombination, RNA primer removal, and mutation avoidance.
ClC-3 chloride channels facilitate endosomal acidification and chloride accumulation.
Regulation of PTEN stability and activity by Plk3.
A regulatory role for Src homology 2 domain-containing inositol 5'-phosphatase (SHIP) in phagocytosis mediated by Fc gamma receptors and complement receptor 3 (alpha(M)beta(2); CD11b/CD18).
Influence of phosphorylation of p35, an activator of cyclin-dependent kinase 5 (cdk5), on the proteolysis of p35.
Neuroprotection by glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase in ischemic stroke: an experimental study.
Identification and characterization of a novel extracellular matrix protein nephronectin that is associated with integrin alpha8beta1 in the embryonic kidney.
The Axin-like protein PRY-1 is a negative regulator of a canonical Wnt pathway in C. elegans.
DNA binding of repressor nuclear factor-kappaB p50/p50 depends on phosphorylation of Ser337 by the protein kinase A catalytic subunit.
Regulatory serine residues mediate phosphorylation-dependent and phosphorylation-independent activation of interferon regulatory factor 7.
The distinct roles of T cell-derived cytokines and a novel follicular dendritic cell-signaling molecule 8D6 in germinal center-B cell differentiation.
Overexpression of the Candida albicans ALA1 gene in Saccharomyces cerevisiae results in aggregation following attachment of yeast cells to extracellular matrix proteins, adherence properties similar to those of Candida albicans.
Oxygenation of omega-3 fatty acids by human cytochrome P450 4F3B: effect on 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid production.
FLRT proteins are endogenous latrophilin ligands and regulate excitatory synapse development.
Expression of the zinc-finger antiviral protein inhibits alphavirus replication.
Functional interactions between Mldp (LSDP5) and Abhd5 in the control of intracellular lipid accumulation.
Selective cooperation between fatty acid binding proteins and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in regulating transcription.
KCNE5 induces time- and voltage-dependent modulation of the KCNQ1 current.
The Pbs2 MAP kinase kinase is essential for the oxidative-stress response in the fungal pathogen Candida albicans.
Novel transcription coactivator complex containing activating signal cointegrator 1.
Shootin1 acts in concert with KIF20B to promote polarization of migrating neurons.
Maurotoxin: a potent inhibitor of intermediate conductance Ca2+-activated potassium channels.
Angptl3 regulates lipid metabolism in mice.
Divalent Rab effectors regulate the sub-compartmental organization and sorting of early endosomes.
Characterization of Arabidopsis thaliana mismatch specific endonucleases: application to mutation discovery by TILLING in pea.
Regulation of folate and one-carbon metabolism in mammalian cells. I. Folate metabolism in Chinese hamster ovary cells expressing Escherichia coli or human folylpoly-gamma-glutamate synthetase activity.
A-kinase anchoring protein (AKAP)-Lbc anchors a PKN-based signaling complex involved in α1-adrenergic receptor-induced p38 activation.
PD-L2 is a second ligand for PD-1 and inhibits T cell activation.
Costimulation of CD8alphabeta T cells by NKG2D via engagement by MIC induced on virus-infected cells.
Wnt7a interaction with Fzd5 and detection of signaling activation using a split eGFP.
Activating de novo mutations in NFE2L2 encoding NRF2 cause a multisystem disorder.
The GLH proteins, Caenorhabditis elegans P granule components, associate with CSN-5 and KGB-1, proteins necessary for fertility, and with ZYX-1, a predicted cytoskeletal protein.
The basophil activation marker defined by antibody 97A6 is identical to the ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 3.
PLA2G16 represents a switch between entry and clearance of Picornaviridae.
Complexes of MADS-box proteins are sufficient to convert leaves into floral organs.
Dynamic readers for 5-(hydroxy)methylcytosine and its oxidized derivatives.
GDP-mannose mannosyl hydrolase catalyzes nucleophilic substitution at carbon, unlike all other Nudix hydrolases.
The DEAD-box RNA helicase 5 positively regulates the replication of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus by interacting with viral Nsp9 in vitro.
Mutations in AP3D1 associated with immunodeficiency and seizures define a new type of Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome.
A role for KH domain proteins (Sam68-like mammalian proteins and quaking proteins) in the post-transcriptional regulation of HIV replication.
Wall-associated kinases are expressed throughout plant development and are required for cell expansion.
Cloning, characterisation, and functional expression of the Mus musculus SKD1 gene in yeast demonstrates that the mouse SKD1 and the yeast VPS4 genes are orthologues and involved in intracellular protein trafficking.
Grit, a GTPase-activating protein for the Rho family, regulates neurite extension through association with the TrkA receptor and N-Shc and CrkL/Crk adapter molecules.
Encephalitozoon cuniculi mRNA cap (guanine N-7) methyltransferase: methyl acceptor specificity, inhibition BY S-adenosylmethionine analogs, and structure-guided mutational analysis.
The mechanism of ran import into the nucleus by nuclear transport factor 2.
Identification of the first mammalian sphingosine phosphate lyase gene and its functional expression in yeast.
Opposing roles of serine/threonine kinases MEKK1 and LOK in regulating the CD28 responsive element in T-cells.
GPIHBP1 stabilizes lipoprotein lipase and prevents its inhibition by angiopoietin-like 3 and angiopoietin-like 4.
A novel RING finger protein, Znf179, modulates cell cycle exit and neuronal differentiation of P19 embryonal carcinoma cells.
Nonsense-mediated decay microarray analysis identifies mutations of EPHB2 in human prostate cancer.
Nek7 kinase is enriched at the centrosome, and is required for proper spindle assembly and mitotic progression.
Direct interaction of endogenous Kv channels with syntaxin enhances exocytosis by neuroendocrine cells.
A human histocompatibility leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G-specific receptor expressed on all natural killer cells.
Human dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR family) member 11 is a novel type of 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase.
Structure and mechanism of the mammalian fructose transporter GLUT5.
Novel isoforms of Dlg are fundamental for neuronal development in Drosophila.
ClC-7 is a slowly voltage-gated 2Cl(-)/1H(+)-exchanger and requires Ostm1 for transport activity.
FAM29A promotes microtubule amplification via recruitment of the NEDD1-gamma-tubulin complex to the mitotic spindle.
A circadian-regulated gene, Nocturnin, promotes adipogenesis by stimulating PPAR-gamma nuclear translocation.
Human Asf1 and CAF-1 interact and synergize in a repair-coupled nucleosome assembly pathway.
Nucleotide sequence of the dmsABC operon encoding the anaerobic dimethylsulphoxide reductase of Escherichia coli.
Expression of podocalyxin enhances the adherence, migration, and intercellular communication of cells.
Human complement receptor type 1/CD35 is an Epstein-Barr Virus receptor.
YihE kinase is a central regulator of programmed cell death in bacteria.
Camguk/CASK enhances Ether-á-go-go potassium current by a phosphorylation-dependent mechanism.
EZH2 is downstream of the pRB-E2F pathway, essential for proliferation and amplified in cancer.
Indian hedgehog mutations causing brachydactyly type A1 impair Hedgehog signal transduction at multiple levels.
Inducible nitric oxide synthase binds, S-nitrosylates, and activates cyclooxygenase-2.
Human CIA2A-FAM96A and CIA2B-FAM96B integrate iron homeostasis and maturation of different subsets of cytosolic-nuclear iron-sulfur proteins.
BLNK: a central linker protein in B cell activation.
The HECT domain of TRIP12 ubiquitinates substrates of the ubiquitin fusion degradation pathway.
A new type of congenital disorders of glycosylation (CDG-Ii) provides new insights into the early steps of dolichol-linked oligosaccharide biosynthesis.
Hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) asparagine hydroxylase is identical to factor inhibiting HIF (FIH) and is related to the cupin structural family.
MSAP is a novel MIR-interacting protein that enhances neurite outgrowth and increases myosin regulatory light chain.
A PtdIns4,5P2-regulated nuclear poly(A) polymerase controls expression of select mRNAs.
Role of the mitochondrial Hsp70s, Ssc1 and Ssq1, in the maturation of Yfh1.
Diacylglycerol kinase zeta regulates Ras activation by a novel mechanism.
REDK, a novel human regulatory erythroid kinase.
Cytosolic flagellin requires Ipaf for activation of caspase-1 and interleukin 1beta in salmonella-infected macrophages.
RNA 3'-end mismatch excision by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus nonstructural protein nsp10/nsp14 exoribonuclease complex.
RNA helicase A is necessary for translation of selected messenger RNAs.
Metal determines efficiency and substrate specificity of the nuclear NUDIX decapping proteins X29 and H29K (Nudt16).
Functional characterization of Arabidopsis NaCl-inducible WRKY25 and WRKY33 transcription factors in abiotic stresses.
The human Nup107-160 nuclear pore subcomplex contributes to proper kinetochore functions.
Isoforms of cyclic AMP response element binding proteins in Drosophila S2 cells.
BRUCE, a giant E2/E3 ubiquitin ligase and inhibitor of apoptosis protein of the trans-Golgi network, is required for normal placenta development and mouse survival.
Stress- and cell type-dependent regulation of transfected c-Jun N-terminal kinase and mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase isoforms.
Mutations in NNT encoding nicotinamide nucleotide transhydrogenase cause familial glucocorticoid deficiency.
Feedback inhibition on cell wall integrity signaling by Zds1 involves Gsk3 phosphorylation of a cAMP-dependent protein kinase regulatory subunit.
A functionally active human F1F0 ATPase can be purified by immunocapture from heart tissue and fibroblast cell lines. Subunit structure and activity studies.
A novel muscle-specific beta 1 integrin binding protein (MIBP) that modulates myogenic differentiation.
Characterization of STEF, a guanine nucleotide exchange factor for Rac1, required for neurite growth.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis 19-kDa lipoprotein induces Toll-like receptor 2-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ expression and promotes inflammatory responses in human macrophages.
Human leukocyte elastase and cathepsin G are specific inhibitors of C5a-dependent neutrophil enzyme release and chemotaxis.
Antagonistic action of Six3 and Prox1 at the gamma-crystallin promoter.
Cyclophilin D interacts with Bcl2 and exerts an anti-apoptotic effect.
Genetic manipulation of immunoglobulin binding proteins of Haemophilus somnus.
SNIP, a novel SNAP-25-interacting protein implicated in regulated exocytosis.
Forkhead l2 is expressed in the ovary and represses the promoter activity of the steroidogenic acute regulatory gene.
SPG20 protein spartin is recruited to midbodies by ESCRT-III protein Ist1 and participates in cytokinesis.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling initiates a dynamic interplay between sumoylation and ubiquitination to regulate the activity of the transcriptional activator PEA3.
Enzyme I of the phosphotransferase system: induced-fit protonation of the reaction transition state by Cys-502.
The plant-specific kinase CDKF;1 is involved in activating phosphorylation of cyclin-dependent kinase-activating kinases in Arabidopsis.
p70S6 kinase signals cell survival as well as growth, inactivating the pro-apoptotic molecule BAD.
Mechanisms of MEOX1 and MEOX2 regulation of the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitors p21 and p16 in vascular endothelial cells.
Physical and functional association of SU(VAR)3-9 and HDAC1 in Drosophila.
ATM phosphorylates histone H2AX in response to DNA double-strand breaks.
Wee1B is an oocyte-specific kinase involved in the control of meiotic arrest in the mouse.
Differing requirements for Augmin in male meiotic and mitotic spindle formation in Drosophila.
Crystal structure of glucokinase regulatory protein.
Localization of apical epithelial determinants by the basolateral PDZ protein Scribble.
Structure of the Alk1 extracellular domain and characterization of its bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) binding properties.
Function of a STIM1 homologue in C. elegans: evidence that store-operated Ca2+ entry is not essential for oscillatory Ca2+ signaling and ER Ca2+ homeostasis.
Gli regulation by the opposing activities of fused and suppressor of fused.
PDGF-C is a new protease-activated ligand for the PDGF alpha-receptor.
Analysis of primary structural determinants that distinguish the centromere-specific function of histone variant Cse4p from histone H3.
Arabidopsis thaliana and Saccharomyces cerevisiae NHX1 genes encode amiloride sensitive electroneutral Na+/H+ exchangers.
Actopaxin, a new focal adhesion protein that binds paxillin LD motifs and actin and regulates cell adhesion.
Hormonal control of cell proliferation requires PASTICCINO genes.
Apoptosis-inhibiting activities of BIR family proteins in Xenopus egg extracts.
Yeast Lrg1p acts as a specialized RhoGAP regulating 1,3-beta-glucan synthesis.
Cloning and functional characterization of TCRP1, a novel gene mediating resistance to cisplatin in an oral squamous cell carcinoma cell line.
Yersinia enterocolitica invasin protein triggers IL-8 production in epithelial cells via activation of Rel p65-p65 homodimers.
A truncated isoform of c-Mpl with an essential C-terminal peptide targets the full-length receptor for degradation.
Human T-cell leukemia virus type 2 Rex protein increases stability and promotes nuclear to cytoplasmic transport of gag/pol and env RNAs.
GMAP-210, A cis-Golgi network-associated protein, is a minus end microtubule-binding protein.
A role for myotonic dystrophy protein kinase in synaptic plasticity.
Identification of a thiosulfate utilization gene cluster from the green phototrophic bacterium Chlorobium limicola.
Functional analysis of the RING-type ubiquitin ligase family of Arabidopsis.
deadpan, an essential pan-neural gene in Drosophila, encodes a helix-loop-helix protein similar to the hairy gene product.
Refined electrophysiological analysis suggests that a depressant toxin is a sodium channel opener rather than a blocker.
E-Syts, a family of membranous Ca2+-sensor proteins with multiple C2 domains.
Positive selection and increased antiviral activity associated with the PARP-containing isoform of human zinc-finger antiviral protein.
Regulation of VEGF and VEGF receptor expression in the rodent mammary gland during pregnancy, lactation, and involution.
Regulatory role of G protein-coupled estrogen receptor for vascular function and obesity.
Structures of yeast mitochondrial ADP/ATP carriers support a domain-based alternating-access transport mechanism.
Common developmental requirement for Olig function indicates a motor neuron/oligodendrocyte connection.
A de novo mutation affecting human TrkB associated with severe obesity and developmental delay.
The G-patch domain of Mason-Pfizer monkey virus is a part of reverse transcriptase.
Focal adhesion kinase in netrin-1 signaling.
Netrin requires focal adhesion kinase and Src family kinases for axon outgrowth and attraction.
A novel protein overexpressed in hepatoma accelerates export of NF-kappa B from the nucleus and inhibits p53-dependent apoptosis.
Mcl1p is a polymerase alpha replication accessory factor important for S-phase DNA damage survival.
The pleiotropic role of the 26S proteasome subunit RPN10 in Arabidopsis growth and development supports a substrate-specific function in abscisic acid signaling.
BUR1 and BUR2 encode a divergent cyclin-dependent kinase-cyclin complex important for transcription in vivo.
Molecular characterization of Saccharomyces cerevisiae TFIID.
A unique mRNA initiated within a middle intron of WHSC1/MMSET encodes a DNA binding protein that suppresses human IL-5 transcription.
Hormone-independent transcriptional activation and coactivator binding by novel orphan nuclear receptor ERR3.
NCoA-1/SRC-1 is an essential coactivator of STAT5 that binds to the FDL motif in the alpha-helical region of the STAT5 transactivation domain.
Clusterin inhibits apoptosis by interacting with activated Bax.
Relationship of human liver dihydrodiol dehydrogenases to hepatic bile-acid-binding protein and an oxidoreductase of human colon cells.
Potassium channel mutant KCNJ5 T158A expression in HAC-15 cells increases aldosterone synthesis.
TAK1 is a ubiquitin-dependent kinase of MKK and IKK.
R-Spondin1 regulates Wnt signaling by inhibiting internalization of LRP6.
The network of protein-protein interactions within the human U4/U6.U5 tri-snRNP.
TAC, a TBP-sans-TAFs complex containing the unprocessed TFIIAalphabeta precursor and the TFIIAgamma subunit.
Biochemical characterization of Rab3-GTPase-activating protein reveals a mechanism similar to that of Ras-GAP.
Abscisic acid increases Arabidopsis ABI5 transcription factor levels by promoting KEG E3 ligase self-ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation.
Toll-related receptors and the control of antimicrobial peptide expression in Drosophila.
A novel I-branching beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase involved in human blood group I antigen expression.
The crystal structure of human GlnRS provides basis for the development of neurological disorders.
The Cdc14B-Cdh1-Plk1 axis controls the G2 DNA-damage-response checkpoint.
DJ-1 restores p53 transcription activity inhibited by Topors/p53BP3.
Effects of ribosomal proteins S1, S2 and the DeaD/CsdA DEAD-box helicase on translation of leaderless and canonical mRNAs in Escherichia coli.
Disruption of palladin results in neural tube closure defects in mice.
Activation of an ER-body-localized beta-glucosidase via a cytosolic binding partner in damaged tissues of Arabidopsis thaliana.
KAP: a dual specificity phosphatase that interacts with cyclin-dependent kinases.
Participation of two members of the very long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase family in bile acid synthesis and recycling.
Mirk protein kinase is activated by MKK3 and functions as a transcriptional activator of HNF1alpha.
Regulated degradation of replication-dependent histone mRNAs requires both ATR and Upf1.
New antimicrobial activity for the catecholamine release-inhibitory peptide from chromogranin A.
Human FAM154A (SAXO1) is a microtubule-stabilizing protein specific to cilia and related structures.
RORgammaT, a thymus-specific isoform of the orphan nuclear receptor RORgamma / TOR, is up-regulated by signaling through the pre-T cell receptor and binds to the TEA promoter.
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase types II and IV differentially regulate CREB-dependent gene expression.
Histone demethylation by a family of JmjC domain-containing proteins.
TRAM is specifically involved in the Toll-like receptor 4-mediated MyD88-independent signaling pathway.
Altered sexual and social behaviors in trp2 mutant mice.
The assignment of chemokine-chemokine receptor pairs: TARC and MIP-1 beta are not ligands for human CC-chemokine receptor 8.
Localization and functional analysis of the LARGE family of glycosyltransferases: significance for muscular dystrophy.
Exploring substrate binding and discrimination in fructose1, 6-bisphosphate and tagatose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolases.
A peptide encoded by a transcript annotated as long noncoding RNA enhances SERCA activity in muscle.
Dopa decarboxylase (Ddc) affects variation in Drosophila longevity.
Deficiency of UBR1, a ubiquitin ligase of the N-end rule pathway, causes pancreatic dysfunction, malformations and mental retardation (Johanson-Blizzard syndrome).
A conus peptide blocks nicotinic receptors of unmyelinated axons in human nerves.
Human mitochondrial glutaredoxin reduces S-glutathionylated proteins with high affinity accepting electrons from either glutathione or thioredoxin reductase.
B-ind1, a novel mediator of Rac1 signaling cloned from sodium butyrate-treated fibroblasts.
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen is protected from degradation by forming a complex with MutT Homolog2.
HRG inhibits tumor growth and metastasis by inducing macrophage polarization and vessel normalization through downregulation of PlGF.
Dally cooperates with Drosophila Frizzled 2 to transduce Wingless signalling.
A family of octopamine [corrected] receptors that specifically induce cyclic AMP production or Ca2+ release in Drosophila melanogaster.
Thymine DNA glycosylase specifically recognizes 5-carboxylcytosine-modified DNA.
Essential roles for Fe65, Alzheimer amyloid precursor-binding protein, in the cellular response to DNA damage.
The role of A-kinase anchoring protein 95-like protein in annealing of tRNALys3 to HIV-1 RNA.
Structural basis of substrate recognition in thiopurine s-methyltransferase.
A double-hexameric MCM2-7 complex is loaded onto origin DNA during licensing of eukaryotic DNA replication.
Identification of NKL, a novel Gli-Kruppel zinc-finger protein that promotes neuronal differentiation.
Regulation of osteocalcin gene expression by a novel Ku antigen transcription factor complex.
Cytosolic HSP90 regulates the heat shock response that is responsible for heat acclimation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
CD155/PVR plays a key role in cell motility during tumor cell invasion and migration.
LIMP-2 is a receptor for lysosomal mannose-6-phosphate-independent targeting of beta-glucocerebrosidase.
Ebola virus entry requires the cholesterol transporter Niemann-Pick C1.
Rck2 kinase is a substrate for the osmotic stress-activated mitogen-activated protein kinase Hog1.
The multiple activities of polyphosphate kinase of Escherichia coli and their subunit structure determined by radiation target analysis.
NaBC1 is a ubiquitous electrogenic Na+ -coupled borate transporter essential for cellular boron homeostasis and cell growth and proliferation.
Two novel GABAA receptor subunits exist in distinct neuronal subpopulations.
The Kar3-interacting protein Cik1p plays a critical role in passage through meiosis I in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Cloning and expression of the epsilon 4 subunit of the NMDA receptor channel.
The Caenorhabditis elegans p120 catenin homologue, JAC-1, modulates cadherin-catenin function during epidermal morphogenesis.
Structure of the catalytic domain of human DOT1L, a non-SET domain nucleosomal histone methyltransferase.
Intermolecular interactions between the neurotensin and the third extracellular loop of human neurotensin 1 receptor.
A novel Drosophila nuclear protein serine/threonine kinase expressed in the germline during its establishment.
MOZ and MORF histone acetyltransferases interact with the Runt-domain transcription factor Runx2.
DISC1-NDEL1/NUDEL protein interaction, an essential component for neurite outgrowth, is modulated by genetic variations of DISC1.
In vivo chromatin remodeling by yeast ISWI homologs Isw1p and Isw2p.
Properties, regulation, and in vivo functions of a novel protein kinase D: Caenorhabditis elegans DKF-2 links diacylglycerol second messenger to the regulation of stress responses and life span.
SPLAYED, a novel SWI/SNF ATPase homolog, controls reproductive development in Arabidopsis.
Rab11-FIP4 interacts with Rab11 in a GTP-dependent manner and its overexpression condenses the Rab11 positive compartment in HeLa cells.
The small-subunit processome is a ribosome assembly intermediate.
Evidence for separable functions of Srp1p, the yeast homolog of importin alpha (Karyopherin alpha): role for Srp1p and Sts1p in protein degradation.
Activation and inhibition of skeletal RyR channels by a part of the skeletal DHPR II-III loop: effects of DHPR Ser687 and FKBP12.
Down-regulation of Notch target gene expression by Suppressor of deltex.
Characterization of the EFC/F-BAR domain protein, FCHO2.
Isolation and characterization of mouse testis specific serine/threonine kinase 5 possessing four alternatively spliced variants.
Reinvestigation of the dysbindin subunit of BLOC-1 (biogenesis of lysosome-related organelles complex-1) as a dystrobrevin-binding protein.
Incorporation of ceramides into Saccharomyces cerevisiae glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored proteins can be monitored in vitro.
Mammalian Atg18 (WIPI2) localizes to omegasome-anchored phagophores and positively regulates LC3 lipidation.
Inhibition of interferon signaling by the New York 99 strain and Kunjin subtype of West Nile virus involves blockage of STAT1 and STAT2 activation by nonstructural proteins.
The Rho exchange factor Arhgef1 mediates the effects of angiotensin II on vascular tone and blood pressure.
The crystal structure of tetrameric methionine adenosyltransferase from rat liver reveals the methionine-binding site.
PNPase activity determines the efficiency of mRNA 3'-end processing, the degradation of tRNA and the extent of polyadenylation in chloroplasts.
CPEB3 and CPEB4 in neurons: analysis of RNA-binding specificity and translational control of AMPA receptor GluR2 mRNA.
Contribution of tight junction proteins to ion, macromolecule, and water barrier in keratinocytes.
The 70-kDa major DNA-compacting protein of the chloroplast nucleoid is sulfite reductase.
An interaction between U2AF 65 and CF I(m) links the splicing and 3' end processing machineries.
The Arabidopsis AHK4 histidine kinase is a cytokinin-binding receptor that transduces cytokinin signals across the membrane.
Drosophila JAB1/CSN5 acts in photoreceptor cells to induce glial cells.
G Protein-coupled receptor kinases phosphorylate LRP6 in the Wnt pathway.
Intramolecular activation of a Ca(2+)-dependent protein kinase is disrupted by insertions in the tether that connects the calmodulin-like domain to the kinase.
Identification and characterization of CD39/vascular ATP diphosphohydrolase.
A Drosophila neurexin is required for septate junction and blood-nerve barrier formation and function.
Suppression of apolipoprotein C-II amyloid formation by the extracellular chaperone, clusterin.
The Drosophila GOLPH3 homolog regulates the biosynthesis of heparan sulfate proteoglycans by modulating the retrograde trafficking of exostosins.
Isolation and characterization of a novel oncogene, amplified in liver cancer 1, within a commonly amplified region at 1q21 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Ras-specific exchange factor GRF: oligomerization through its Dbl homology domain and calcium-dependent activation of Raf.
Identification and characterization of myeloid translocation gene 16b as a novel a kinase anchoring protein in T lymphocytes.
Structure of an aprataxin-DNA complex with insights into AOA1 neurodegenerative disease.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus forms a highly stable, EDTA-resistant complex with its principal receptor, integrin alphavbeta6: implications for infectiousness.
Acylation-stimulating protein (ASP): structure-function determinants of cell surface binding and triacylglycerol synthetic activity.
Interferon regulatory factor-2 regulates cell growth through its acetylation.
Ubiad1 is an antioxidant enzyme that regulates eNOS activity by CoQ10 synthesis.
Integrin alphaVbeta3 Binds to the RGD motif of glycoprotein B of Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus and functions as an RGD-dependent entry receptor.
Desensitization of mechano-gated K2P channels.
Gab-family adapter proteins act downstream of cytokine and growth factor receptors and T- and B-cell antigen receptors.
Recruitment of the complete hTREX complex is required for Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus intronless mRNA nuclear export and virus replication.
Botulinum neurotoxin type C cleaves a single Lys-Ala bond within the carboxyl-terminal region of syntaxins.
Dna2p helicase/nuclease is a tracking protein, like FEN1, for flap cleavage during Okazaki fragment maturation.
Genetic characterization and functional analysis of the GID1 gibberellin receptors in Arabidopsis.
SLAM is a microbial sensor that regulates bacterial phagosome functions in macrophages.
Prolonged colonization of mice by Vibrio cholerae El Tor O1 depends on accessory toxins.
Efficient RNA polyuridylation by noncanonical poly(A) polymerases.
HBXIP functions as a cofactor of survivin in apoptosis suppression.
Human ARF binds E2F1 and inhibits its transcriptional activity.
A broad specificity nucleoside kinase from Thermoplasma acidophilum.
TAO (thousand-and-one amino acid) protein kinases mediate signaling from carbachol to p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and ternary complex factors.
Dynamic Acetylation of Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Toggles Enzyme Activity between Gluconeogenic and Anaplerotic Reactions.
Characterization of Munc-18c and syntaxin-4 in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. Putative role in insulin-dependent movement of GLUT-4.
A single aromatic amino acid at the carboxyl terminus of Helicobacter pylori {alpha}1,3/4 fucosyltransferase determines substrate specificity.
Dengue Virus NS1 Disrupts the Endothelial Glycocalyx, Leading to Hyperpermeability.
tRNA(His) guanylyltransferase (THG1), a unique 3'-5' nucleotidyl transferase, shares unexpected structural homology with canonical 5'-3' DNA polymerases.
Isolation and characterization of mutants defective in seed coat mucilage secretory cell development in Arabidopsis.
Definition of the first mannosylation step in phosphatidylinositol mannoside synthesis. PimA is essential for growth of mycobacteria.
Functional conservation of the telomerase protein Est1p in humans.
The 39-kDa poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase ARH3 hydrolyzes O-acetyl-ADP-ribose, a product of the Sir2 family of acetyl-histone deacetylases.
Hyperpolarization-activated channels HCN1 and HCN4   mediate responses to sour stimuli.
RNA editing and regulation of Drosophila 4f-rnp expression by sas-10 antisense readthrough mRNA transcripts.
Tau-tubulin kinase 1 (TTBK1), a neuron-specific tau kinase candidate, is involved in tau phosphorylation and aggregation.
RNA-binding proteins and circadian rhythms in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification of eukaryotic peptide deformylases reveals universality of N-terminal protein processing mechanisms.
Identification of Arabidopsis histone deacetylase HDA6 mutants that affect transgene expression.
Insulin-induced phosphorylation and activation of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase 3B by the serine-threonine kinase Akt.
Interaction between antibody-diversification enzyme AID and spliceosome-associated factor CTNNBL1.
Tau-tubulin kinase phosphorylates tau at Ser-208 and Ser-210, sites found in paired helical filament-tau.
Two distinct domains within the N-terminal region of Janus kinase 1 interact with cytokine receptors.
Functional interaction between SHPTP1 and the Lyn tyrosine kinase in the apoptotic response to DNA damage.
Melanoma chondroitin sulphate proteoglycan regulates cell spreading through Cdc42, Ack-1 and p130cas.
Cell-autonomous regulation of cell and organ growth in Drosophila by Akt/PKB.
SIRT3, a human SIR2 homologue, is an NAD-dependent deacetylase localized to mitochondria.
Cloning and characterization of a bifunctional leukotriene A(4) hydrolase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A complex of Kif18b and MCAK promotes microtubule depolymerization and is negatively regulated by Aurora kinases.
Identification of two catalytic residues in RAG1 that define a single active site within the RAG1/RAG2 protein complex.
The murine SCP3 gene is required for synaptonemal complex assembly, chromosome synapsis, and male fertility.
LIGHT, a new member of the TNF superfamily, and lymphotoxin alpha are ligands for herpesvirus entry mediator.
YME1L controls the accumulation of respiratory chain subunits and is required for apoptotic resistance, cristae morphogenesis, and cell proliferation.
Rnq1: an epigenetic modifier of protein function in yeast.
The crystal structure of the nuclear receptor for vitamin D bound to its natural ligand.
Prospero-related homeobox 1 (Prox1) functions as a novel modulator of retinoic acid-related orphan receptors α- and γ-mediated transactivation.
Epidermal growth factor induces tyrosine phosphorylation, membrane insertion, and activation of transient receptor potential channel 4.
Point mutations and allelic deletion of tumor suppressor gene DCC in human esophageal squamous cell carcinomas and their relation to metastasis.
p.H282N and p.Y191H: 2 novel CYP21A2 mutations in Italian congenital adrenal hyperplasia patients.
Characterization of human DHRS6, an orphan short chain dehydrogenase/reductase enzyme: a novel, cytosolic type 2 R-beta-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase.
DNA packaging motor assembly intermediate of bacteriophage phi29.
A novel transcript encoding an N-terminally truncated AML1/PEBP2 alphaB protein interferes with transactivation and blocks granulocytic differentiation of 32Dcl3 myeloid cells.
A differential effect of E. coli toxin-antitoxin systems on cell death in liquid media and biofilm formation.
Rat intestinal ceramidase: purification, properties, and physiological relevance.
A novel bile acid biosynthesis defect due to a deficiency of peroxisomal ABCD3.
hnf1b genes in zebrafish hindbrain development.
OB fold-containing protein 1 (OBFC1), a human homolog of yeast Stn1, associates with TPP1 and is implicated in telomere length regulation.
Nuclear imprisonment of host cellular mRNA by nsp1β protein of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Ephrin-A5 induces rounding, blebbing and de-adhesion of EphA3-expressing 293T and melanoma cells by CrkII and Rho-mediated signalling.
MLN64 mediates mobilization of lysosomal cholesterol to steroidogenic mitochondria.
Serendipitous fatty acid binding reveals the structural determinants for ligand recognition in apolipoprotein M.
Nuclear localization drives α1-adrenergic receptor oligomerization and signaling in cardiac myocytes.
Notch signalling and the synchronization of the somite segmentation clock.
Classical swine fever virus Npro interacts with interferon regulatory factor 3 and induces its proteasomal degradation.
PRP19 transforms into a sensor of RPA-ssDNA after DNA damage and drives ATR activation via a ubiquitin-mediated circuitry.
A receptor heteromer mediates the male perception of female attractants in plants.
Akt promotes cell survival by phosphorylating and inhibiting a Forkhead transcription factor.
Blocking the eIF2α kinase (PKR) enhances positive and negative forms of cortex-dependent taste memory.
Identification and comparison of residues critical for cell-adhesion activities of two neutrophil CD66 antigens, CEACAM6 and CEACAM8.
Adenovirus E1A, simian virus 40 tumor antigen, and human papillomavirus E7 protein share the capacity to disrupt the interaction between transcription factor E2F and the retinoblastoma gene product.
Physical and functional interaction of the active zone proteins, CAST, RIM1, and Bassoon, in neurotransmitter release.
S165F mutation of junctophilin 2 affects Ca2+ signalling in skeletal muscle.
Frizzled-3 is required for the development of major fiber tracts in the rostral CNS.
Plexin-B2, but not Plexin-B1, critically modulates neuronal migration and patterning of the developing nervous system in vivo.
The Npr1 kinase controls biosynthetic and endocytic sorting of the yeast Gap1 permease.
Low-pH-dependent fusion of Sindbis virus with receptor-free cholesterol- and sphingolipid-containing liposomes.
Recruitment and regulation of phosphatidylinositol phosphate kinase type 1 gamma by the FERM domain of talin.
Human P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 is a functional receptor for enterovirus 71.
Scavenger receptor B2 is a cellular receptor for enterovirus 71.
The checkpoint protein MAD2 and the mitotic regulator CDC20 form a ternary complex with the anaphase-promoting complex to control anaphase initiation.
FrzA/sFRP-1, a secreted antagonist of the Wnt-Frizzled pathway, controls vascular cell proliferation in vitro and in vivo.
An evolutionarily conserved function of the Drosophila insulin receptor and insulin-like peptides in growth control.
Solution structures of human LL-37 fragments and NMR-based identification of a minimal membrane-targeting antimicrobial and anticancer region.
Crystal structure of human mitochondrial tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase reveals common and idiosyncratic features.
Critical role for the p110alpha phosphoinositide-3-OH kinase in growth and metabolic regulation.
Differential activation and function of Rho GTPases during Salmonella-host cell interactions.
hnRNP-G promotes exon 7 inclusion of survival motor neuron (SMN) via direct interaction with Htra2-beta1.
A novel loss-of-function mutation in TTF-2 is associated with congenital hypothyroidism, thyroid agenesis and cleft palate.
In vivo analysis of dendritic cell development and homeostasis.
Serine 27, a human retinoid X receptor alpha residue, phosphorylated by protein kinase A is essential for cyclicAMP-mediated downregulation of RXRalpha function.
Estrogen receptor-interacting protein that modulates its nongenomic activity-crosstalk with Src/Erk phosphorylation cascade.
Requirement for sex comb on midleg protein interactions in Drosophila polycomb group repression.
Genome-Wide Gene Expression Profiling Revealed a Critical Role for GATA3 in the Maintenance of the Th2 Cell Identity.
NS4A regulates the ATPase activity of the NS3 helicase: a novel cofactor role of the non-structural protein NS4A from West Nile virus.
A sulfurtransferase is required in the transfer of cysteine sulfur in the in vitro synthesis of molybdopterin from precursor Z in Escherichia coli.
The LIM-domain binding protein Ldb1 and its partner LMO2 act as negative regulators of erythroid differentiation.
JMJD6 is a histone arginine demethylase.
Purification and characterization of Go alpha and three types of Gi alpha after expression in Escherichia coli.
The function of PML in p53-dependent apoptosis.
Dengue virus M protein contains a proapoptotic sequence referred to as ApoptoM.
Caged protein prenyltransferase substrates: tools for understanding protein prenylation.
The Hand1 bHLH transcription factor is essential for placentation and cardiac morphogenesis.
Expression and characterization of CYP4V2 as a fatty acid omega-hydroxylase.
Interdependency of fission yeast Alp14/TOG and coiled coil protein Alp7 in microtubule localization and bipolar spindle formation.
A role for AGL ubiquitination in the glycogen storage disorders of Lafora and Cori's disease.
Genetic analysis of olfC demonstrates a role for the position-specific integrins in the olfactory system of Drosophila melanogaster.
Structural basis by which alternative splicing modulates the organizer activity of FGF8 in the brain.
Type VIII adenylyl cyclase in rat beta cells: coincidence signal detector/generator for glucose and GLP-1.
The lysosomal potassium channel TMEM175 adopts a novel tetrameric architecture.
Mutations in KIF7 link Joubert syndrome with Sonic Hedgehog signaling and microtubule dynamics.
Integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein-1 (ICAP-1) interacts with the ROCK-I kinase at the plasma membrane.
Regulation of mitochondrial morphology by membrane potential, and DRP1-dependent division and FZO1-dependent fusion reaction in mammalian cells.
A mutant Drosophila homolog of mammalian Clock disrupts circadian rhythms and transcription of period and timeless.
A role for myosin-I in actin assembly through interactions with Vrp1p, Bee1p, and the Arp2/3 complex.
Direct involvement of yeast type I myosins in Cdc42-dependent actin polymerization.
The subunit composition of the human NADH dehydrogenase obtained by rapid one-step immunopurification.
Methyltransferase-like protein 16 binds the 3'-terminal triple helix of MALAT1 long noncoding RNA.
BTB proteins are substrate-specific adaptors in an SCF-like modular ubiquitin ligase containing CUL-3.
Pivotal role of the C-terminal DW-motif in mediating inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 2 by dichloroacetate.
A rice WRKY gene encodes a transcriptional repressor of the gibberellin signaling pathway in aleurone cells.
Acetylation of HIV-1 Tat by CBP/P300 increases transcription of integrated HIV-1 genome and enhances binding to core histones.
Functional diversification of yeast telomere associated protein, Rif1, in higher eukaryotes.
β-adrenergic receptor-stimulated lipolysis requires the RAB7-mediated autolysosomal lipid degradation.
Plants Possess a Cyclic Mitochondrial Metabolic Pathway similar to the Mammalian Metabolic Repair Mechanism Involving Malate Dehydrogenase and l-2-Hydroxyglutarate Dehydrogenase.
Purification and properties of the Escherichia coli K-12 NAD-dependent nucleotide diphosphosugar epimerase, ADP-L-glycero-D-mannoheptose 6-epimerase.
Complement component C3-derived neutrophil chemotactic factors purified from exudate of rat carrageenin-induced inflammation.
Identification of the catalytic triad of family S46 exopeptidases, closely related to clan PA endopeptidases.
The glycoprotein hGC-1 binds to cadherin and lectins.
CEP110 and ninein are located in a specific domain of the centrosome associated with centrosome maturation.
Distinct innate immune responses to infection and wounding in the C. elegans epidermis.
Overlapping activators and repressors delimit transcriptional response to receptor tyrosine kinase signals in the Drosophila eye.
ClC-3B, a novel ClC-3 splicing variant that interacts with EBP50 and facilitates expression of CFTR-regulated ORCC.
Combinatorial regulation of phospholipid biosynthetic gene expression by the UME6, SIN3 and RPD3 genes.
Amino acid residues important for substrate specificity of the amino acid permeases Can1p and Gnp1p in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Naofen, a novel WD40-repeat protein, mediates spontaneous and tumor necrosis factor-induced apoptosis.
The transmembrane serine protease (TMPRSS3) mutated in deafness DFNB8/10 activates the epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) in vitro.
A fragment of human TrpRS as a potent antagonist of ocular angiogenesis.
HIP14, a novel ankyrin domain-containing protein, links huntingtin to intracellular trafficking and endocytosis.
Pmel17 initiates premelanosome morphogenesis within multivesicular bodies.
The c-Abl tyrosine kinase phosphorylates the Fe65 adaptor protein to stimulate Fe65/amyloid precursor protein nuclear signaling.
pkl1(+)and klp2(+): Two kinesins of the Kar3 subfamily in fission yeast perform different functions in both mitosis and meiosis.
Purification and characterization of the human elongator complex.
Structural basis for the specific recognition of methylated histone H3 lysine 4 by the WD-40 protein WDR5.
GBF1, a guanine nucleotide exchange factor for ADP-ribosylation factors, is localized to the cis-Golgi and involved in membrane association of the COPI coat.
Recognition of a functional peroxisome type 1 target by the dynamic import receptor pex5p.
HIP1 and HIP12 display differential binding to F-actin, AP2, and clathrin. Identification of a novel interaction with clathrin light chain.
The Grb10/Nedd4 complex regulates ligand-induced ubiquitination and stability of the insulin-like growth factor I receptor.
The polycomb protein Pc2 is a SUMO E3.
An essential function for beta-arrestin 2 in the inhibitory signaling of natural killer cells.
Early steps in primary cilium assembly require EHD1/EHD3-dependent ciliary vesicle formation.
Phytophthora effector targets a novel component of small RNA pathway in plants to promote infection.
Phosphorylation on Ser5 increases the F-actin-binding activity of L-plastin and promotes its targeting to sites of actin assembly in cells.
Huntingtin regulates RE1-silencing transcription factor/neuron-restrictive silencer factor (REST/NRSF) nuclear trafficking indirectly through a complex with REST/NRSF-interacting LIM domain protein (RILP) and dynactin p150 Glued.
Recurrent gain of function mutation in calcium channel CACNA1H causes early-onset hypertension with primary aldosteronism.
A novel zinc finger protein TReP-132 interacts with CBP/p300 to regulate human CYP11A1 gene expression.
A WNK kinase binds and phosphorylates V-ATPase subunit C.
MgcRacGAP is involved in cytokinesis through associating with mitotic spindle and midbody.
Human myosin-IXb is a mechanochemically active motor and a GAP for rho.
Circadian mutant Overtime reveals F-box protein FBXL3 regulation of cryptochrome and period gene expression.
A Spätzle-processing enzyme required for toll signaling activation in Drosophila innate immunity.
A highly specific L-galactose-1-phosphate phosphatase on the path to ascorbate biosynthesis.
Characterization of Nrf1b, a novel isoform of the nuclear factor-erythroid-2 related transcription factor-1 that activates antioxidant response element-regulated genes.
FYCO1 is a Rab7 effector that binds to LC3 and PI3P to mediate microtubule plus end-directed vesicle transport.
Structure and self-association of the Rous sarcoma virus capsid protein.
Male sterility in mice lacking retinoic acid receptor alpha involves specific abnormalities in spermiogenesis.
ASP1 (BACE2) cleaves the amyloid precursor protein at the beta-secretase site.
Posttranslational activation of bone morphogenetic protein 2 is mediated by proprotein convertase 6 during decidualization for pregnancy establishment.
The phosphorylated C-terminus of cAR1 plays a role in cell-type-specific gene expression and STATa tyrosine phosphorylation.
Structure and Genome Release Mechanism of the Human Cardiovirus Saffold Virus 3.
The rapamycin-sensitive phosphoproteome reveals that TOR controls protein kinase A toward some but not all substrates.
ZFP36L1 negatively regulates erythroid differentiation of CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells by interfering with the Stat5b pathway.
The EF-hand Ca2+-binding protein p22 plays a role in microtubule and endoplasmic reticulum organization and dynamics with distinct Ca2+-binding requirements.
Role of the mammalian retromer in sorting of the cation-independent mannose 6-phosphate receptor.
Mutational analysis of RAG1 and RAG2 identifies three catalytic amino acids in RAG1 critical for both cleavage steps of V(D)J recombination.
Yeast autonomously replicating sequence binding factor is involved in nucleotide excision repair.
Site-specific acetylation by p300 or CREB binding protein regulates erythroid Krüppel-like factor transcriptional activity via its interaction with the SWI-SNF complex.
p55, the Drosophila ortholog of RbAp46/RbAp48, is required for the repression of dE2F2/RBF-regulated genes.
Germinal center kinase is required for optimal Jun N-terminal kinase activation by Toll-like receptor agonists and is regulated by the ubiquitin proteasome system and agonist-induced, TRAF6-dependent stabilization.
A dynamic scaffold of pre-snoRNP factors facilitates human box C/D snoRNP assembly.
The contactin RIG-6 mediates neuronal and non-neuronal cell migration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Perforin activates clathrin- and dynamin-dependent endocytosis, which is required for plasma membrane repair and delivery of granzyme B for granzyme-mediated apoptosis.
Characterization of Arabidopsis lines deficient in GAPC-1, a cytosolic NAD-dependent glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
Inactivation of menin, a Smad3-interacting protein, blocks transforming growth factor type beta signaling.
Expression cloning of a common receptor for parathyroid hormone and parathyroid hormone-related peptide from rat osteoblast-like cells: a single receptor stimulates intracellular accumulation of both cAMP and inositol trisphosphates and increases intracellular free calcium.
Isolation and characterization of a GTPase activating protein specific for the Rab3 subfamily of small G proteins.
The potential role of DFNA5, a hearing impairment gene, in p53-mediated cellular response to DNA damage.
Characterization of functional hepatitis C virus envelope glycoproteins.
cTAGE5 mediates collagen secretion through interaction with TANGO1 at endoplasmic reticulum exit sites.
Proximal distal axis formation in the Drosophila leg: distinct functions of teashirt and homothorax in the proximal leg.
Chromosome- and spindle-pole-derived signals generate an intrinsic code for spindle position and orientation.
Placental-specific IGF-II is a major modulator of placental and fetal growth.
GS domain mutations that constitutively activate T beta R-I, the downstream signaling component in the TGF-beta receptor complex.
Phosphorylation of the linker for activation of T-cells by Itk promotes recruitment of Vav.
The ATP hydrolytic activity of purified ZntA, a Pb(II)/Cd(II)/Zn(II)-translocating ATPase from Escherichia coli.
Shade avoidance responses are mediated by the ATHB-2 HD-zip protein, a negative regulator of gene expression.
Nuclear accumulation of the small GTPase Gsp1p depends on nucleoporins Nup133p, Rat2p/Nup120p, Nup85p, Nic96p, and the acetyl-CoA carboxylase Acc1p.
An siRNA-based functional genomics screen for the identification of regulators of ciliogenesis and ciliopathy genes.
Structure of human pancreatic lipase-related protein 2 with the lid in an open conformation.
Dissemination of lipid A deacylases (pagL) among gram-negative bacteria: identification of active-site histidine and serine residues.
An unbiased cell morphology-based screen for new, biologically active small molecules.
LUCA-15-encoded sequence variants regulate CD95-mediated apoptosis.
Identification of the first invertebrate interleukin JAK/STAT receptor, the Drosophila gene domeless.
Identification of the activating and conjugating enzymes of the NEDD8 conjugation pathway.
Identification of a physiologically relevant endogenous ligand for PPARalpha in liver.
Functional and structural characterization of the mammalian TREX-2 complex that links transcription with nuclear messenger RNA export.
Reconstitution of the mitochondrial PrxIII antioxidant defence pathway: general properties and factors affecting PrxIII activity and oligomeric state.
The MAP kinase pathway is required for entry into mitosis and cell survival.
Phosphorylation of mitotic kinesin-like protein 2 by polo-like kinase 1 is required for cytokinesis.
Cloning and expression of the human N-acetylglutamate synthase gene.
A family of diverse Cul4-Ddb1-interacting proteins includes Cdt2, which is required for S phase destruction of the replication factor Cdt1.
The small GTPase Rac3 interacts with the integrin-binding protein CIB and promotes integrin alpha(IIb)beta(3)-mediated adhesion and spreading.
Biochemical and genetic studies of the VPg uridylylation reaction catalyzed by the RNA polymerase of poliovirus.
Cadherin Cad99C is required for normal microvilli morphology in Drosophila follicle cells.
Human SWI/SNF-associated PRMT5 methylates histone H3 arginine 8 and negatively regulates expression of ST7 and NM23 tumor suppressor genes.
The EVERSHED receptor-like kinase modulates floral organ shedding in Arabidopsis.
NUDT16 and ITPA play a dual protective role in maintaining chromosome stability and cell growth by eliminating dIDP/IDP and dITP/ITP from nucleotide pools in mammals.
Location and characterization of the O-GlcNAcase active site.
Synergistic interaction of three ERECTA-family receptor-like kinases controls Arabidopsis organ growth and flower development by promoting cell proliferation.
The membrane-anchored MMP inhibitor RECK is a key regulator of extracellular matrix integrity and angiogenesis.
Crystal structure and biochemical characterization of human kallikrein 6 reveals that a trypsin-like kallikrein is expressed in the central nervous system.
Repression of TFII-I-dependent transcription by nuclear exclusion.
Mutation of Arg-115 of human class III alcohol dehydrogenase: a binding site required for formaldehyde dehydrogenase activity and fatty acid activation.
TEAD mediates YAP-dependent gene induction and growth control.
Structural basis of the recognition of the dishevelled DEP domain in the Wnt signaling pathway.
ClipR-59 interacts with Akt and regulates Akt cellular compartmentalization.
Biosynthesis of riboflavin in archaea studies on the mechanism of 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone-4-phosphate synthase of Methanococcus jannaschii.
The parafibromin tumor suppressor protein is part of a human Paf1 complex.
Caenorhabditis elegans p53: role in apoptosis, meiosis, and stress resistance.
Kibra functions as a tumor suppressor protein that regulates Hippo signaling in conjunction with Merlin and Expanded.
Two tetrodotoxin-resistant sodium channels in human dorsal root ganglion neurons.
T helper cell fate specified by kinase-mediated interaction of T-bet with GATA-3.
Kinetic, thermodynamic and X-ray structural insights into the interaction of melatonin and analogues with quinone reductase 2.
Mutations in TMEM76* cause mucopolysaccharidosis IIIC (Sanfilippo C syndrome).
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus nsp1 Inhibits Host Gene Expression by Selectively Targeting mRNAs Transcribed in the Nucleus while Sparing mRNAs of Cytoplasmic Origin.
PEX12, the pathogenic gene of group III Zellweger syndrome: cDNA cloning by functional complementation on a CHO cell mutant, patient analysis, and characterization of PEX12p.
Choline transporter-like1 (CHER1) is crucial for plasmodesmata maturation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
FAM161A, associated with retinitis pigmentosa, is a component of the cilia-basal body complex and interacts with proteins involved in ciliopathies.
Vasculostatin, a proteolytic fragment of brain angiogenesis inhibitor 1, is an antiangiogenic and antitumorigenic factor.
Phylogenetic analysis of L4-mediated autogenous control of the S10 ribosomal protein operon.
Chromosome alignment and segregation regulated by ubiquitination of survivin.
Kinetic mechanism of glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase.
Structural basis of BMP signalling inhibition by the cystine knot protein Noggin.
Tpa1p is part of an mRNP complex that influences translation termination, mRNA deadenylation, and mRNA turnover in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The p53 family member genes are involved in the Notch signal pathway.
Cyclophilin A mediates Vid22p function in the import of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase into Vid vesicles.
Human cytomegalovirus binding to DC-SIGN is required for dendritic cell infection and target cell trans-infection.
Classical swine fever virus Erns glycoprotein antagonizes induction of interferon-beta by double-stranded RNA.
Bifunctional role of Rev-erbalpha in adipocyte differentiation.
Identification of a novel glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor-inducible gene required for renal branching morphogenesis.
Regulation of cAMP-responsive element-binding protein-mediated transcription by the SNF2/SWI-related protein, SRCAP.
AP-4, a novel protein complex related to clathrin adaptors.
Interactions between the cell cycle and embryonic patterning in Arabidopsis uncovered by a mutation in DNA polymerase epsilon.
A developmentally regulated, neuron-specific splice variant of the variable subunit Bbeta targets protein phosphatase 2A to mitochondria and modulates apoptosis.
Raf kinase activation of adenylyl cyclases: isoform-selective regulation.
TrkA alternative splicing: a regulated tumor-promoting switch in human neuroblastoma.
DC-STAMP is essential for cell-cell fusion in osteoclasts and foreign body giant cells.
Expression and initial characterization of human ALDH3B1.
Verticillium infection triggers VASCULAR-RELATED NAC DOMAIN7-dependent de novo xylem formation and enhances drought tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Microtubule-associated [corrected] protein 7 increases the membrane expression of transient receptor potential vanilloid 4 (TRPV4).
ULP-2 SUMO Protease Regulates E-Cadherin Recruitment to Adherens Junctions.
Control of neuronal pathway selection by a Drosophila receptor protein-tyrosine kinase family member.
BTBD1 and BTBD2 colocalize to cytoplasmic bodies with the RBCC/tripartite motif protein, TRIM5delta.
LytB, a novel gene of the 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate pathway of isoprenoid biosynthesis in Escherichia coli.
Centriolar kinesin Kif24 interacts with CP110 to remodel microtubules and regulate ciliogenesis.
Ets transcription factor Pointed promotes the generation of intermediate neural progenitors in Drosophila larval brains.
Mediation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-dependent DNA replication through a conserved p21(Cip1)-like PCNA-binding motif present in the third subunit of human DNA polymerase delta.
The exosome: a conserved eukaryotic RNA processing complex containing multiple 3'-->5' exoribonucleases.
DNA array studies demonstrate convergent regulation of virulence factors by Cph1, Cph2, and Efg1 in Candida albicans.
Rat and human STINGs profile similarly towards anticancer/antiviral compounds.
Targeted suppression of calpain-10 expression impairs insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in cultured primary human skeletal muscle cells.
Structurally and functionally unique complexins at retinal ribbon synapses.
CRMP-2 induces axons in cultured hippocampal neurons.
Characterization of Arabidopsis serine:glyoxylate aminotransferase, AGT1, as an asparagine aminotransferase.
Analysis of the chromosome X exome in patients with autism spectrum disorders identified novel candidate genes, including TMLHE.
Functional interaction between p90Rsk2 and Emi1 contributes to the metaphase arrest of mouse oocytes.
Amelogenesis imperfecta and other biomineralization defects in Fam20a and Fam20c null mice.
A Caenorhabditis elegans type I TGF beta receptor can function in the absence of type II kinase to promote larval development.
Identification, cloning, expression, and purification of three novel human calcium-independent phospholipase A2 family members possessing triacylglycerol lipase and acylglycerol transacylase activities.
Identification of a novel telomerase repressor that interacts with the human papillomavirus type-16 E6/E6-AP complex.
Modulating substrate choice: the SspB adaptor delivers a regulator of the extracytoplasmic-stress response to the AAA+ protease ClpXP for degradation.
Structural basis of Vps33A recruitment to the human HOPS complex by Vps16.
A novel short splice variant of the tumour suppressor LKB1 is required for spermiogenesis.
Characterisation of human adenylyl cyclase IX reveals inhibition by Ca(2+)/Calcineurin and differential mRNA plyadenylation.
Adaptor protein complexes as the key regulators of protein sorting in the post-Golgi network.
Distinct Roles of PKCι/λ and PKMζ in the Initiation and Maintenance of Hippocampal Long-Term Potentiation and Memory.
Two modes of activation of the permeability transition pore: the role of mitochondrial cyclophilin.
A newly identified isoform of Slp2a associates with Rab27a in cytotoxic T cells and participates to cytotoxic granule secretion.
Lipid thioesters derived from acylated proteins accumulate in infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis: correction of the defect in lymphoblasts by recombinant palmitoyl-protein thioesterase.
The Mediator complex in plants: structure, phylogeny, and expression profiling of representative genes in a dicot (Arabidopsis) and a monocot (rice) during reproduction and abiotic stress.
Abnormal heart development and lung remodeling in mice lacking the hypoxia-inducible factor-related basic helix-loop-helix PAS protein NEPAS.
Alternatively spliced transcripts from the Drosophila eIF4E gene produce two different Cap-binding proteins.
A putative cell surface receptor for anemia-inducing feline leukemia virus subgroup C is a member of a transporter superfamily.
Vascular endothelial growth factor-B-deficient mice display an atrial conduction defect.
Missense mutations in TENM4, a regulator of axon guidance and central myelination, cause essential tremor.
Lats kinase is involved in the intestinal apical membrane integrity in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
Insulin receptor-related receptor as an extracellular alkali sensor.
The regulation of the Escherichia coli mazEF promoter involves an unusual alternating palindrome.
MICAL-1 is a negative regulator of MST-NDR kinase signaling and apoptosis.
The Drosophila peanut gene is required for cytokinesis and encodes a protein similar to yeast putative bud neck filament proteins.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus nonstructural protein 2 interacts with a host protein complex involved in mitochondrial biogenesis and intracellular signaling.
Insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of lipin mediated by the mammalian target of rapamycin.
A specific PP2A regulatory subunit, B56gamma, mediates DNA damage-induced dephosphorylation of p53 at Thr55.
Arabidopsis protein kinase PKS5 inhibits the plasma membrane H+ -ATPase by preventing interaction with 14-3-3 protein.
Chato, a KRAB zinc-finger protein, regulates convergent extension in the mouse embryo.
Axonal regeneration and lack of astrocytic gliosis in EphA4-deficient mice.
The layered structure of human mitochondrial DNA nucleoids.
The human DIMINUTO/DWARF1 homolog seladin-1 confers resistance to Alzheimer's disease-associated neurodegeneration and oxidative stress.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor reduces the growth of virulent Mycobacterium tuberculosis in human macrophages.
Alternative splicing regulates the subcellular localization of A-kinase anchoring protein 18 isoforms.
Inhibition of v-Abl transformation in 3T3 cells overexpressing different forms of the Abelson interactor protein Abi-1.
spen encodes an RNP motif protein that interacts with Hox pathways to repress the development of head-like sclerites in the Drosophila trunk.
Spontaneous mutations in the mouse Sharpin gene result in multiorgan inflammation, immune system dysregulation and dermatitis.
Isolation of the protein kinase TAO2 and identification of its mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase binding domain.
EIN2, a bifunctional transducer of ethylene and stress responses in Arabidopsis.
Study of patients and carriers with 2-methyl-3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase (MHBD) deficiency: difficulties in the diagnosis.
Characterization and cloning of a Dictyostelium Ste20-like protein kinase that phosphorylates the actin-binding protein severin.
Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis type 5 (FHL-5) is caused by mutations in Munc18-2 and impaired binding to syntaxin 11.
Identification of SRPK1 and SRPK2 as the major cellular protein kinases phosphorylating hepatitis B virus core protein.
Redox-switch modulation of human SSADH by dynamic catalytic loop.
Drebrin depletion alters neurotransmitter receptor levels in protein complexes, dendritic spine morphogenesis and memory-related synaptic plasticity in the mouse hippocampus.
Mutation in the Arabidopisis thaliana DEK1 calpain gene perturbs endosperm and embryo development while over-expression affects organ development globally.
The nucleobase-ascorbate transporter (NAT) signature motif in UapA defines the function of the purine translocation pathway.
Host defense mechanisms triggered by microbial lipoproteins through toll-like receptors.
An activating immunoreceptor complex formed by NKG2D and DAP10.
The histone variant macroH2A interferes with transcription factor binding and SWI/SNF nucleosome remodeling.
Activation of NK cells and T cells by NKG2D, a receptor for stress-inducible MICA.
JLP: A scaffolding protein that tethers JNK/p38MAPK signaling modules and transcription factors.
Y14 and hUpf3b form an NMD-activating complex.
Hepatitis A virus and the origins of picornaviruses.
Set2 is a nucleosomal histone H3-selective methyltransferase that mediates transcriptional repression.
The human cytomegalovirus UL11 protein interacts with the receptor tyrosine phosphatase CD45, resulting in functional paralysis of T cells.
ADAMTS-7: a metalloproteinase that directly binds to and degrades cartilage oligomeric matrix protein.
Role for a Cindr-Arf6 axis in patterning emerging epithelia.
ChlR1 is required for loading papillomavirus E2 onto mitotic chromosomes and viral genome maintenance.
Molecular insights into arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy caused by plakophilin-2 missense mutations.
Novel behavioral and developmental defects associated with Drosophila single-minded.
Cep72 regulates the localization of key centrosomal proteins and proper bipolar spindle formation.
C6ORF32 is upregulated during muscle cell differentiation and induces the formation of cellular filopodia.
Inhibition of alpha/beta interferon signaling by the NS4B protein of flaviviruses.
Clathrin assembly lymphoid myeloid leukemia (CALM) protein: localization in endocytic-coated pits, interactions with clathrin, and the impact of overexpression on clathrin-mediated traffic.
Rab1 small GTP-binding protein regulates cell surface trafficking of the human calcium-sensing receptor.
Cyclic AMP-stimulated interaction between steroidogenic factor 1 and diacylglycerol kinase theta facilitates induction of CYP17.
Protein kinase C-theta mediates a selective T cell survival signal via phosphorylation of BAD.
The pro-apoptotic Ras effector Nore1 may serve as a Ras-regulated tumor suppressor in the lung.
Splicing isoforms of rat Ash/Grb2. Isolation and characterization of the cDNA and genomic DNA clones and implications for the physiological roles of the isoforms.
The impact of a novel apolipoprotein E and amyloid-β protein precursor-interacting protein on the production of amyloid-β.
Ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding phosphoprotein-50/Na+/H+ exchanger regulatory factor (EBP50/NHERF) blocks U50,488H-induced down-regulation of the human kappa opioid receptor by enhancing its recycling rate.
CEP295 interacts with microtubules and is required for centriole elongation.
Human papillomavirus E1 helicase interacts with the WD repeat protein p80 to promote maintenance of the viral genome in keratinocytes.
Structures of cytochrome P450 17A1 with prostate cancer drugs abiraterone and TOK-001.
Adenylylation control by intra- or intermolecular active-site obstruction in Fic proteins.
Drosophila atypical protein kinase C associates with Bazooka and controls polarity of epithelia and neuroblasts.
Comparative study of catalase-peroxidases (KatGs).
Interaction of cations, anions, and weak base quinine with rat renal cation transporter rOCT2 compared with rOCT1.
Cardiovascular basic helix loop helix factor 1, a novel transcriptional repressor expressed preferentially in the developing and adult cardiovascular system.
PPM1D dephosphorylates Chk1 and p53 and abrogates cell cycle checkpoints.
Unbiased screening for transcriptional targets of ZKSCAN3 identifies integrin beta 4 and vascular endothelial growth factor as downstream targets.
Meioc maintains an extended meiotic prophase I in mice.
Atypical RNA polymerase subunits required for RNA-directed DNA methylation.
A unique short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase in Arabidopsis glucose signaling and abscisic acid biosynthesis and functions.
The homologous putative GTPases Grn1p from fission yeast and the human GNL3L are required for growth and play a role in processing of nucleolar pre-rRNA.
Reconstitution of gamma-secretase activity.
De novo SOX11 mutations cause Coffin-Siris syndrome.
E3 ubiquitin ligase activity of the trifunctional ARD1 (ADP-ribosylation factor domain protein 1).
Depletion of mammalian CCR4b deadenylase triggers elevation of the p27Kip1 mRNA level and impairs cell growth.
Cutting edge: inflammatory responses can be triggered by TREM-1, a novel receptor expressed on neutrophils and monocytes.
AtSIA1 AND AtOSA1: two Abc1 proteins involved in oxidative stress responses and iron distribution within chloroplasts.
Critical role for CCA1 and LHY in maintaining circadian rhythmicity in Arabidopsis.
The expanding functions of cellular helicases: the tombusvirus RNA replication enhancer co-opts the plant eIF4AIII-like AtRH2 and the DDX5-like AtRH5 DEAD-box RNA helicases to promote viral asymmetric RNA replication.
20S proteasome prevents aggregation of heat-denatured proteins without PA700 regulatory subcomplex like a molecular chaperone.
A loss of function mutation of presenilin-2 interferes with amyloid beta-peptide production and notch signaling.
Involvement of ORL1 receptor and ERK kinase in the orphanin FQ-induced nociception in the nucleus accumbens of rats.
Viral oncoproteins E1A and E7 and cellular LxCxE proteins repress SUMO modification of the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor.
Mutations in QARS, encoding glutaminyl-tRNA synthetase, cause progressive microcephaly, cerebral-cerebellar atrophy, and intractable seizures.
Disruption of GW bodies impairs mammalian RNA interference.
Mutational analysis of RsrA, a zinc-binding anti-sigma factor with a thiol-disulphide redox switch.
Sez-6 proteins affect dendritic arborization patterns and excitability of cortical pyramidal neurons.
Tec kinase is involved in transcriptional regulation of IL-2 and IL-4 in the CD28 pathway.
The MKK2 pathway mediates cold and salt stress signaling in Arabidopsis.
Glutathione S-transferase interacting with far-red insensitive 219 is involved in phytochrome A-mediated signaling in Arabidopsis.
Structural basis for molecular recognition of folic acid by folate receptors.
Identification of a family of human F-box proteins.
Krox-20: a candidate gene for the regulation of pattern formation in the hindbrain.
Novel Furin Inhibitors with Potent Anti-infectious Activity.
Identification of essential regions in the cytoplasmic tail of interleukin-1 receptor accessory protein critical for interleukin-1 signaling.
Plexin/neuropilin complexes mediate repulsion by the axonal guidance signal semaphorin 3A.
A ribonucleotide reductase gene involved in a p53-dependent cell-cycle checkpoint for DNA damage.
Cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase deficiency presenting with acute liver failure following gastroenteritis.
Cathepsin cleavage potentiates the Ebola virus glycoprotein to undergo a subsequent fusion-relevant conformational change.
Differential functions of mPer1, mPer2, and mPer3 in the SCN circadian clock.
Binding site and interlobe interactions of the ionotropic glutamate receptor GluK3 ligand binding domain revealed by high resolution crystal structure in complex with (S)-glutamate.
Identification and characterization of a major liver lysophosphatidylcholine acyltransferase.
Drosophila retained/dead ringer is necessary for neuronal pathfinding, female receptivity and repression of fruitless independent male courtship behaviors.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe Hsk1p is a potential cds1p target required for genome integrity.
Human ARF protein interacts with topoisomerase I and stimulates its activity.
D-glucuronyl C5-epimerase acts in dorso-ventral axis formation in zebrafish.
Drosophila PS1 integrin is a laminin receptor and differs in ligand specificity from PS2.
A thrombospondin-dependent pathway for a protective ER stress response.
PGL proteins self associate and bind RNPs to mediate germ granule assembly in C. elegans.
Two distinct nuclear receptor interaction domains in NSD1, a novel SET protein that exhibits characteristics of both corepressors and coactivators.
The carboxyl terminal extension of the Drosophila insulin receptor homologue binds IRS-1 and influences cell survival.
A novel protease-docking function of integrin at invadopodia.
IkappaB kinase promotes tumorigenesis through inhibition of forkhead FOXO3a.
Identification, functional expression and chromosomal localisation of a sustained human proton-gated cation channel.
Functional characterization of ORCTL2--an organic cation transporter expressed in the renal proximal tubules.
The UV-inducible RNA-binding protein A18 (A18 hnRNP) plays a protective role in the genotoxic stress response.
Cyclin K functions as a CDK9 regulatory subunit and participates in RNA polymerase II transcription.
DyP-like peroxidases of the jelly fungus Auricularia auricula-judae oxidize nonphenolic lignin model compounds and high-redox potential dyes.
Targeted disruption of the mouse rho-associated kinase 2 gene results in intrauterine growth retardation and fetal death.
Identification of human and mouse p19, a novel CDK4 and CDK6 inhibitor with homology to p16ink4.
Targeted disruption of Zfp36l2, encoding a CCCH tandem zinc finger RNA-binding protein, results in defective hematopoiesis.
Atp11p and Atp12p are assembly factors for the F(1)-ATPase in human mitochondria.
A dual role for UVRAG in maintaining chromosomal stability independent of autophagy.
Inhibition of eukaryotic DNA replication by geminin binding to Cdt1.
Wnt-Ror signaling to SIA and SIB neurons directs anterior axon guidance and nerve ring placement in C. elegans.
The protein kinase YakA regulates g-protein-linked signaling responses during growth and development of Dictyostelium.
Headpiece domain of dematin is required for the stability of the erythrocyte membrane.
Mutations in the ABC1 gene in familial HDL deficiency with defective cholesterol efflux.
Analysis of site-specific glycosylation of renal and hepatic γ-glutamyl transpeptidase from normal human tissue.
Involvement of chromatin and histone deacetylation in SV40 T antigen transcription regulation.
Arabidopsis S6 kinase mutants display chromosome instability and altered RBR1-E2F pathway activity.
A RHO GTPase-mediated pathway is required during P cell migration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
WFS1 protein modulates the free Ca(2+) concentration in the endoplasmic reticulum.
A newly uncovered group of distantly related lysine methyltransferases preferentially interact with molecular chaperones to regulate their activity.
ML-IAP, a novel inhibitor of apoptosis that is preferentially expressed in human melanomas.
KCNQ2 and KCNQ3 potassium channel subunits: molecular correlates of the M-channel.
Biosynthesis of bacterial glycogen. Mutagenesis of a catalytic site residue of ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase from Escherichia coli.
The dynein light chain Tctex-1 has a dynein-independent role in actin remodeling during neurite outgrowth.
Cyclophilin-40 has a cellular role in the aryl hydrocarbon receptor signaling.
rib-2, a Caenorhabditis elegans homolog of the human tumor suppressor EXT genes encodes a novel alpha1,4-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase involved in the biosynthetic initiation and elongation of heparan sulfate.
Homology of the eyeless gene of Drosophila to the Small eye gene in mice and Aniridia in humans.
O-mannosylation is required for degradation of the endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation substrate Gas1*p via the ubiquitin/proteasome pathway in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Sas4 and Sas5 are required for the histone acetyltransferase activity of Sas2 in the SAS complex.
CART: an Hrs/actinin-4/BERP/myosin V protein complex required for efficient receptor recycling.
Identification of different binding sites in the dendritic cell-specific receptor DC-SIGN for intercellular adhesion molecule 3 and HIV-1.
Alpha5beta1 integrin as a cellular coreceptor for human parvovirus B19: requirement of functional activation of beta1 integrin for viral entry.
DDX3, a DEAD box RNA helicase, is deregulated in hepatitis virus-associated hepatocellular carcinoma and is involved in cell growth control.
Septin function in Candida albicans morphogenesis.
DNA-PKcs function regulated specifically by protein phosphatase 5.
Unique Sm core structure of U7 snRNPs: assembly by a specialized SMN complex and the role of a new component, Lsm11, in histone RNA processing.
Structure and function of the human transcription elongation factor DSIF.
Epiregulin is a potent vascular smooth muscle cell-derived mitogen induced by angiotensin II, endothelin-1, and thrombin.
Ovaries and female phenotype in a girl with 46,XY karyotype and mutations in the CBX2 gene.
BTG2 antiproliferative protein interacts with the human CCR4 complex existing in vivo in three cell-cycle-regulated forms.
Ian4 is required for mitochondrial integrity and T cell survival.
Exonuclease hDIS3L2 specifies an exosome-independent 3'-5' degradation pathway of human cytoplasmic mRNA.
Identification of the full-length huntingtin- interacting protein p231HBP/HYPB as a DNA-binding factor.
C. elegans ksr-1 and ksr-2 have both unique and redundant functions and are required for MPK-1 ERK phosphorylation.
A Drosophila Axin homolog, Daxin, inhibits Wnt signaling.
Treatment of Mycobacterium tuberculosis with antisense oligonucleotides to glutamine synthetase mRNA inhibits glutamine synthetase activity, formation of the poly-L-glutamate/glutamine cell wall structure, and bacterial replication.
Duplicate VegfA genes and orthologues of the KDR receptor tyrosine kinase family mediate vascular development in the zebrafish.
Disruption of TLR3 signaling due to cleavage of TRIF by the hepatitis A virus protease-polymerase processing intermediate, 3CD.
BBS6, BBS10, and BBS12 form a complex with CCT/TRiC family chaperonins and mediate BBSome assembly.
Processive proofreading and the spatial relationship between polymerase and exonuclease active sites of bacteriophage phi29 DNA polymerase.
BiP-mediated polar nuclei fusion is essential for the regulation of endosperm nuclei proliferation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Glycine oxidase from Bacillus subtilis. Characterization of a new flavoprotein.
The expression and functional characterization of ABCG2 in brain endothelial cells and vessels.
The mannose permease of Escherichia coli consists of three different proteins. Amino acid sequence and function in sugar transport, sugar phosphorylation, and penetration of phage lambda DNA.
The Hog1 mitogen-activated protein kinase is essential in the oxidative stress response and chlamydospore formation in Candida albicans.
Glycosylated SV2 and gangliosides as dual receptors for botulinum neurotoxin serotype F.
A molecular mechanism for electrical tuning of cochlear hair cells.
Replication checkpoint protein Mrc1 is regulated by Rad3 and Tel1 in fission yeast.
Identification of the human cytochrome P450, P450RAI-2, which is predominantly expressed in the adult cerebellum and is responsible for all-trans-retinoic acid metabolism.
Modulation of Kv4.2 channel expression and gating by dipeptidyl peptidase 10 (DPP10).
The dystonia-associated protein torsinA modulates synaptic vesicle recycling.
Increased platelet sensitivity to ADP in mice lacking platelet-type 12-lipoxygenase.
Mechanism of the sliding beta-clamp of DNA polymerase III holoenzyme.
Requirement for three novel protein complexes in the absence of the Sgs1 DNA helicase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Assembly of the 30S subunit from Escherichia coli ribosomes occurs via two assembly domains which are initiated by S4 and S7.
The metastasis efficiency modifier ribosomal RNA processing 1 homolog B (RRP1B) is a chromatin-associated factor.
Crystal structures and biochemical analyses suggest a unique mechanism and role for human glycyl-tRNA synthetase in Ap4A homeostasis.
Regulation of p53 activity by its interaction with homeodomain-interacting protein kinase-2.
Regulatory role for a novel human thioredoxin peroxidase in NF-kappaB activation.
Molecular Pathway of Microtubule Organization at the Golgi Apparatus.
Activated Cdc42-associated kinase 1 is a component of EGF receptor signaling complex and regulates EGF receptor degradation.
Otefin, a nuclear membrane protein, determines the fate of germline stem cells in Drosophila via interaction with Smad complexes.
Disruption of a dynamin homologue affects endocytosis, organelle morphology, and cytokinesis in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Identification of a receptor-binding domain of the spike glycoprotein of human coronavirus HCoV-229E.
Mouse Brn-3 family of POU transcription factors: a new aminoterminal domain is crucial for the oncogenic activity of Brn-3a.
Subunit composition determines Kv1 potassium channel surface expression.
TIFA activates IkappaB kinase (IKK) by promoting oligomerization and ubiquitination of TRAF6.
MLN51 stimulates the RNA-helicase activity of eIF4AIII.
DOCK8 is a Cdc42 activator critical for interstitial dendritic cell migration during immune responses.
The SAD-1 kinase regulates presynaptic vesicle clustering and axon termination.
Syndecan-syntenin-ALIX regulates the biogenesis of exosomes.
Formation of corymb-like inflorescences due to delay in bolting and flower development in the corymbosa2 mutant of Arabidopsis.
Unique carbohydrate-carbohydrate interactions are required for high affinity binding between FcgammaRIII and antibodies lacking core fucose.
The human RNA kinase hClp1 is active on 3' transfer RNA exons and short interfering RNAs.
Genetic analysis of two Arabidopsis DNA polymerase epsilon subunits during early embryogenesis.
JNK3 mediates paraquat- and rotenone-induced dopaminergic neuron death.
mig-5/Dsh controls cell fate determination and cell migration in C. elegans.
Tumor suppressor function of laminin-binding alpha-dystroglycan requires a distinct beta3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase.
Centriolar satellites assemble centrosomal microcephaly proteins to recruit CDK2 and promote centriole duplication.
Cenp-F links kinetochores to Ndel1/Nde1/Lis1/dynein microtubule motor complexes.
A novel activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID) mutation in Brazilian patients with hyper-IgM type 2 syndrome.
Characterization of the Escherichia coli gene for serine hydroxymethyltransferase.
Phosphorylation of profilin by ROCK1 regulates polyglutamine aggregation.
Structure of the Epstein-Barr virus gp42 protein bound to the MHC class II receptor HLA-DR1.
MAGE-A, mMage-b, and MAGE-C proteins form complexes with KAP1 and suppress p53-dependent apoptosis in MAGE-positive cell lines.
TP53INP1, a tumor suppressor, interacts with LC3 and ATG8-family proteins through the LC3-interacting region (LIR) and promotes autophagy-dependent cell death.
AFX-like Forkhead transcription factors mediate cell-cycle regulation by Ras and PKB through p27kip1.
Mammalian BTBD12/SLX4 assembles a Holliday junction resolvase and is required for DNA repair.
NAK is an IkappaB kinase-activating kinase.
LINC complexes promote homologous recombination in part through inhibition of nonhomologous end joining.
DDX39, upregulated in lung squamous cell cancer, displays RNA helicase activities and promotes cancer cell growth.
C-terminal amino acids of Helicobacter pylori alpha1,3/4 fucosyltransferases determine type I and type II transfer.
A novel mechanism of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibition involving interactions with Ser-530 and Tyr-385.
LC3 and GATE-16/GABARAP subfamilies are both essential yet act differently in autophagosome biogenesis.
Limb reduction defects in endothelial nitric oxide synthase-deficient mice.
Arabidopsis thaliana PAD4 encodes a lipase-like gene that is important for salicylic acid signaling.
Requirement of the mymA operon for appropriate cell wall ultrastructure and persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in the spleens of guinea pigs.
Inhibition of insulin-induced activation of Akt by a kinase-deficient mutant of the epsilon isozyme of protein kinase C.
Drosophila melanogaster poly(A)-binding protein: cDNA cloning reveals an unusually long 3'-untranslated region of the mRNA, also present in other eukaryotic species [corrected].
Neuropilin-1 is required for vascular development and is a mediator of VEGF-dependent angiogenesis in zebrafish.
Rumi is a CAP10 domain glycosyltransferase that modifies Notch and is required for Notch signaling.
A complex containing PGRL1 and PGR5 is involved in the switch between linear and cyclic electron flow in Arabidopsis.
The Atg5 Atg12 conjugate associates with innate antiviral immune responses.
Bovine leukemia virus nucleocapsid protein is an efficient nucleic acid chaperone.
Biallelic TRIP13 mutations predispose to Wilms tumor and chromosome missegregation.
Caenorhabditis elegans WNK-STE20 pathway regulates tube formation by modulating ClC channel activity.
The NFP locus of Medicago truncatula controls an early step of Nod factor signal transduction upstream of a rapid calcium flux and root hair deformation.
Analysis of mutations in the yeast mRNA decapping enzyme.
Apg13p and Vac8p are part of a complex of phosphoproteins that are required for cytoplasm to vacuole targeting.
Interchangeable adaptors regulate mitochondrial dynamin assembly for membrane scission.
Oxidoreductases in lipoxin A4 metabolic inactivation: a novel role for 15-onoprostaglandin 13-reductase/leukotriene B4 12-hydroxydehydrogenase in inflammation.
Unified mode of centromeric protection by shugoshin in mammalian oocytes and somatic cells.
Mouse T-cell antigen rt6.1 has thiol-dependent NAD glycohydrolase activity.
Forced expression of NESH suppresses motility and metastatic dissemination of malignant cells.
Multiple functions of the IKK-related kinase IKKepsilon in interferon-mediated antiviral immunity.
A regulator of transcriptional elongation controls vertebrate neuronal development.
Asef, a link between the tumor suppressor APC and G-protein signaling.
Nucleoside ester prodrug substrate specificity of liver carboxylesterase.
Characterization of cDNA encoding the mouse DNA topoisomerase II that can complement the budding yeast top2 mutation.
Arl2 and Arl3 regulate different microtubule-dependent processes.
CDK13/CDC2L5 interacts with L-type cyclins and regulates alternative splicing.
Processing of the Semliki Forest virus structural polyprotein: role of the capsid protease.
JRAB/MICAL-L2 is a junctional Rab13-binding protein mediating the endocytic recycling of occludin.
NEK11 regulates CDC25A degradation and the IR-induced G2/M checkpoint.
Identification of Pax5 as a target of MTA1 in B-cell lymphomas.
Reticulon 3 is involved in membrane trafficking between the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi.
Identification of a central phosphorylation site in p21-activated kinase regulating autoinhibition and kinase activity.
Mig6 is a negative regulator of EGF receptor-mediated skin morphogenesis and tumor formation.
Starvation and ULK1-dependent cycling of mammalian Atg9 between the TGN and endosomes.
Ciliogenesis and left-right axis defects in forkhead factor HFH-4-null mice.
Genetic and biochemical characterization of dTOR, the Drosophila homolog of the target of rapamycin.
Proteins homologous to p47phox and p67phox support superoxide production by NAD(P)H oxidase 1 in colon epithelial cells.
Human Mediator enhances basal transcription by facilitating recruitment of transcription factor IIB during preinitiation complex assembly.
Arabidopsis thaliana VTC4 encodes L-galactose-1-P phosphatase, a plant ascorbic acid biosynthetic enzyme.
The human homologue of the RNA polymerase II-associated factor 1 (hPaf1), localized on the 19q13 amplicon, is associated with tumorigenesis.
Phosphorylation of microtubule-associated protein tau by stress-activated protein kinases in intact cells.
Smad6 is a protein kinase X phosphorylation substrate and is required for HL-60 cell differentiation.
Independent stabilizations of polysomal Drg1/Dfrp1 complex and non-polysomal Drg2/Dfrp2 complex in mammalian cells.
Loss of nephrocystin-3 function can cause embryonic lethality, Meckel-Gruber-like syndrome, situs inversus, and renal-hepatic-pancreatic dysplasia.
Characterization of three RXR genes that mediate the action of 9-cis retinoic acid.
MRP8, ATP-binding cassette C11 (ABCC11), is a cyclic nucleotide efflux pump and a resistance factor for fluoropyrimidines 2',3'-dideoxycytidine and 9'-(2'-phosphonylmethoxyethyl)adenine.
Cdc2-like kinase 2 is an insulin-regulated suppressor of hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Identification of a ligand for glucocorticoid-induced tumor necrosis factor receptor constitutively expressed in dendritic cells.
The Molecular Basis of Aichi Virus 3A Protein Activation of Phosphatidylinositol 4 Kinase IIIβ, PI4KB, through ACBD3.
Receptor-like protein kinase 2 (RPK 2) is a novel factor controlling anther development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Deleted in Colorectal Cancer (DCC) encodes a netrin receptor.
Selenoprotein oxidoreductase with specificity for thioredoxin and glutathione systems.
Twist regulates cytokine gene expression through a negative feedback loop that represses NF-kappaB activity.
Toca-1 mediates Cdc42-dependent actin nucleation by activating the N-WASP-WIP complex.
Epidermal growth factor signaling induces behavioral quiescence in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Low affinity hemoglobinopathy (Hb Vigo) due to a new mutation of beta globin gene (c200 A>T; Lys>Ile). A cause of rare anemia misdiagnosis.
Global proteomic approach unmasks involvement of keratins 8 and 18 in the delivery of cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR)/deltaF508-CFTR to the plasma membrane.
Two members of a conserved family of nuclear phosphoproteins are involved in pre-mRNA splicing.
cbl-3: a new mammalian cbl family protein.
Splicing factor arginine/serine-rich 17A (SFRS17A) is an A-kinase anchoring protein that targets protein kinase A to splicing factor compartments.
Kruppel-like factor 4 (Klf4) prevents embryonic stem (ES) cell differentiation by regulating Nanog gene expression.
A mutation in NLA, which encodes a RING-type ubiquitin ligase, disrupts the adaptability of Arabidopsis to nitrogen limitation.
Deubiquitinating and interferon antagonism activities of coronavirus papain-like proteases.
Mouse limb deformity mutations disrupt a global control region within the large regulatory landscape required for Gremlin expression.
iguana encodes a novel zinc-finger protein with coiled-coil domains essential for Hedgehog signal transduction in the zebrafish embryo.
The FIP3-Rab11 protein complex regulates recycling endosome targeting to the cleavage furrow during late cytokinesis.
Migratory localization of cyclin D2-Cdk4 complex suggests a spatial regulation of the G1-S transition.
Periplakin, a novel component of cornified envelopes and desmosomes that belongs to the plakin family and forms complexes with envoplakin.
A kinase-dependent feedforward loop affects CREBB stability and long term memory formation.
Transcriptional control of ROS homeostasis by KUODA1 regulates cell expansion during leaf development.
Human INT6 interacts with MCM7 and regulates its stability during S phase of the cell cycle.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis WhiB3 responds to O2 and nitric oxide via its [4Fe-4S] cluster and is essential for nutrient starvation survival.
The human polo-like kinase, PLK, regulates cdc2/cyclin B through phosphorylation and activation of the cdc25C phosphatase.
Enzyme-catalyzed acylation of homoserine: mechanistic characterization of the Escherichia coli metA-encoded homoserine transsuccinylase.
O Mannosylation of alpha-dystroglycan is essential for lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus receptor function.
Rab10 and myosin-Va mediate insulin-stimulated GLUT4 storage vesicle translocation in adipocytes.
A genetic screen for modifiers of E2F in Drosophila melanogaster.
Phosphorylation of key serine residues is required for internalization of the complement 5a (C5a) anaphylatoxin receptor via a beta-arrestin, dynamin, and clathrin-dependent pathway.
Ephrin signalling controls brain size by regulating apoptosis of neural progenitors.
Microtubule minus-end regulation at spindle poles by an ASPM-katanin complex.
Functional identity of a primer recognition protein as phosphoglycerate kinase.
Characterization of the hipA7 allele of Escherichia coli and evidence that high persistence is governed by (p)ppGpp synthesis.
A human erythrocyte-derived growth-promoting factor with a wide target cell spectrum: identification as catalase.
Reconstitution of the targeting of Rab6A to the Golgi apparatus in semi-intact HeLa cells: A role of BICD2 in stabilizing Rab6A on Golgi membranes and a concerted role of Rab6A/BICD2 interactions in Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport.
Deletion of the p66Shc longevity gene reduces systemic and tissue oxidative stress, vascular cell apoptosis, and early atherogenesis in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Protein kinase A-anchoring (AKAP) domains in brefeldin A-inhibited guanine nucleotide-exchange protein 2 (BIG2).
Receptor isoform-specific interaction of prostaglandin EP3 receptor with muskelin.
Biochemical and molecular characterization of a novel choline-specific glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase belonging to the nucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase family.
Loss of Rap1 induces telomere recombination in the absence of NHEJ or a DNA damage signal.
The internal workings of a DNA polymerase clamp-loading machine.
Identification and characterization of murine IRAK-M.
The natriuretic peptide clearance receptor locally modulates the physiological effects of the natriuretic peptide system.
Neurosecretory control of aging in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Disruption of mRad50 causes embryonic stem cell lethality, abnormal embryonic development, and sensitivity to ionizing radiation.
Grb10 inhibits insulin-stimulated insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt signaling pathway by disrupting the association of IRS-1/IRS-2 with the insulin receptor.
Cockayne syndrome A and B proteins differentially regulate recruitment of chromatin remodeling and repair factors to stalled RNA polymerase II in vivo.
Cubilin is an albumin binding protein important for renal tubular albumin reabsorption.
Identification of a new Pyk2 target protein with Arf-GAP activity.
Integrin activation by Fam38A uses a novel mechanism of R-Ras targeting to the endoplasmic reticulum.
Regulation of dendritic branching and filopodia formation in hippocampal neurons by specific acylated protein motifs.
Ubiquitin-specific protease-like 1 (USPL1) is a SUMO isopeptidase with essential, non-catalytic functions.
The Kindler syndrome protein is regulated by transforming growth factor-beta and involved in integrin-mediated adhesion.
Human pyridoxal phosphatase. Molecular cloning, functional expression, and tissue distribution.
Semaphorin 3E initiates antiangiogenic signaling through plexin D1 by regulating Arf6 and R-Ras.
A hepatitis C virus NS4B inhibitor suppresses viral genome replication by disrupting NS4B's dimerization/multimerization as well as its interaction with NS5A.
Structural basis of chemokine sequestration by CrmD, a poxvirus-encoded tumor necrosis factor receptor.
Small molecule inhibition of the KRAS-PDEδ interaction impairs oncogenic KRAS signalling.
Neuron-specific effects of interleukin-1β are mediated by a novel isoform of the IL-1 receptor accessory protein.
The phosphorylation of vinculin on tyrosine residues 100 and 1065, mediated by SRC kinases, affects cell spreading.
A novel multidomain transcription coactivator SAYP can also repress transcription in heterochromatin.
Nucleoporins as components of the nuclear pore complex core structure and Tpr as the architectural element of the nuclear basket.
Biochemical analyses and molecular modeling explain the functional loss of 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 mutant G133R in three Tunisian patients with 46, XY Disorders of Sex Development.
Proteolytic activities of two types of mannose-binding lectin-associated serine protease.
Cardiovascular inflammation and lesion cell apoptosis: a novel connection via the interferon-inducible immunoproteasome.
The short form of TSLP is constitutively translated in human keratinocytes and has characteristics of an antimicrobial peptide.
Deficiency of ADAP/Fyb/SLAP-130 destabilizes SKAP55 in Jurkat T cells.
High-content genome-wide RNAi screens identify regulators of parkin upstream of mitophagy.
The DCP2 protein is required for mRNA decapping in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and contains a functional MutT motif.
Characterizing the role of cell-wall β-1,3-exoglucanase Xog1p in Candida albicans adhesion by the human antimicrobial peptide LL-37.
Chemerin, a novel adipokine that regulates adipogenesis and adipocyte metabolism.
Homozygosity for frameshift mutations in XYLT2 result in a spondylo-ocular syndrome with bone fragility, cataracts, and hearing defects.
Carma1, a CARD-containing binding partner of Bcl10, induces Bcl10 phosphorylation and NF-kappaB activation.
A BEN-domain-containing protein associates with heterochromatin and represses transcription.
Structure and properties of the C-terminal domain of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 isolated from human amniotic fluid.
Cid1, a fission yeast protein required for S-M checkpoint control when DNA polymerase delta or epsilon is inactivated.
Antimicrobial activity of human EPPIN, an androgen-regulated, sperm-bound protein with a whey acidic protein motif.
Translocation of C. elegans CED-4 to nuclear membranes during programmed cell death.
Conclusive evidence that the major T-cell antigens of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex ESAT-6 and CFP-10 form a tight, 1:1 complex and characterization of the structural properties of ESAT-6, CFP-10, and the ESAT-6*CFP-10 complex. Implications for pathogenesis and virulence.
Functional polymorphism in human CYP4F2 decreases 20-HETE production.
Inhibition of G(1) to S phase progression by a novel zinc finger protein P58(TFL) at P-bodies.
Cloning and characterization of dipeptidyl peptidase 10, a new member of an emerging subgroup of serine proteases.
Purification and characterization of native spliceosomes suitable for three-dimensional structural analysis.
GABAA receptor-associated protein (GABARAP) induces apoptosis by interacting with DEAD (Asp-Glu-Ala-Asp/His) box polypeptide 47 (DDX 47).
Induction of pluripotent stem cells from adult human fibroblasts by defined factors.
MD-2, a molecule that confers lipopolysaccharide responsiveness on Toll-like receptor 4.
Hepatitis C virus and other flaviviridae viruses enter cells via low density lipoprotein receptor.
Novel plant SUN-KASH bridges are involved in RanGAP anchoring and nuclear shape determination.
Identification of RNF213 as a susceptibility gene for moyamoya disease and its possible role in vascular development.
TBX5 loss-of-function mutation contributes to familial dilated cardiomyopathy.
Retrolinkin recruits the WAVE1 protein complex to facilitate BDNF-induced TrkB endocytosis and dendrite outgrowth.
Three Drosophila EXT genes shape morphogen gradients through synthesis of heparan sulfate proteoglycans.
The Drosophila dual-specificity ERK phosphatase DMKP3 cooperates with the ERK tyrosine phosphatase PTP-ER.
N-CoR mediates DNA methylation-dependent repression through a methyl CpG binding protein Kaiso.
Identification of catalytic residues in human mevalonate kinase.
Barrier-to-autointegration factor: major roles in chromatin decondensation and nuclear assembly.
Phosphoinositide 3-kinase regulates beta2-adrenergic receptor endocytosis by AP-2 recruitment to the receptor/beta-arrestin complex.
Involvement of the V2 vasopressin receptor in adaptation to limited water supply.
Chromatin-to-nucleoprotamine transition is controlled by the histone H2B variant TH2B.
Cell-cell adhesion and signal transduction during Dictyostelium development.
The S. pombe aurora-related kinase Ark1 associates with mitotic structures in a stage dependent manner and is required for chromosome segregation.
GRASP-1 is a neuronal scaffold protein for the JNK signaling pathway.
MR1 antigen presentation to mucosal-associated invariant T cells was highly conserved in evolution.
Sequential activation of ETS proteins provides a sustained transcriptional response to EGFR signaling.
Mechanism whereby proliferating cell nuclear antigen stimulates flap endonuclease 1.
Genetic disruption of aurora B uncovers an essential role for aurora C during early mammalian development.
Two forms of the apoptosis-linked protein ALG-2 with different Ca(2+) affinities and target recognition.
Human AP-endonuclease 1 and hnRNP-L interact with a nCaRE-like repressor element in the AP-endonuclease 1 promoter.
Stimulation of the EAAT4 glutamate transporter by SGK protein kinase isoforms and PKB.
A new mechanism controlling kinetochore-microtubule interactions revealed by comparison of two dynein-targeting components: SPDL-1 and the Rod/Zwilch/Zw10 complex.
Human De-etiolated-1 regulates c-Jun by assembling a CUL4A ubiquitin ligase.
Identification of PTE2, a human peroxisomal long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase.
MCPIP1 restricts HIV infection and is rapidly degraded in activated CD4+ T cells.
The endosomal protein NEEP21 regulates AMPA receptor-mediated synaptic transmission and plasticity in the hippocampus.
FIST/HIPK3: a Fas/FADD-interacting serine/threonine kinase that induces FADD phosphorylation and inhibits fas-mediated Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase activation.
Blockade of 12-lipoxygenase expression protects cortical neurons from apoptosis induced by beta-amyloid peptide.
The human scavenger receptor class B type I is a novel candidate receptor for the hepatitis C virus.
The gene mod(mdg4) affects synapse specificity and structure in Drosophila.
Trim24 targets endogenous p53 for degradation.
HEDJ, an Hsp40 co-chaperone localized to the endoplasmic reticulum of human cells.
Arabidopsis NPL1: a phototropin homolog controlling the chloroplast high-light avoidance response.
Stac3 is a component of the excitation-contraction coupling machinery and mutated in Native American myopathy.
The physical association and phosphorylation of Cdc25C protein phosphatase by Prk.
Potentiating role of Gas6 and Tyro3, Axl and Mer (TAM) receptors in human and murine platelet activation and thrombus stabilization.
Synergy among nuclear receptor coactivators: selective requirement for protein methyltransferase and acetyltransferase activities.
ARF6 and EFA6A regulate the development and maintenance of dendritic spines.
OXPAT/PAT-1 is a PPAR-induced lipid droplet protein that promotes fatty acid utilization.
Identification of novel isoforms of the BH3 domain protein Bim which directly activate Bax to trigger apoptosis.
CERK1, a LysM receptor kinase, is essential for chitin elicitor signaling in Arabidopsis.
Rha1, an Arabidopsis Rab5 homolog, plays a critical role in the vacuolar trafficking of soluble cargo proteins.
Drosophila Orb2 targets genes involved in neuronal growth, synapse formation, and protein turnover.
General enzymatic screens identify three new nucleotidases in Escherichia coli. Biochemical characterization of SurE, YfbR, and YjjG.
Role of the Caenorhabditis elegans Shc adaptor protein in the c-Jun N-terminal kinase signaling pathway.
The Src homology 2-containing inositol 5-phosphatase 1 (SHIP1) is involved in CD32a signaling in human neutrophils.
ASH1, a Drosophila trithorax group protein, is required for methylation of lysine 4 residues on histone H3.
Disrupted-In-Schizophrenia 1 regulates integration of newly generated neurons in the adult brain.
Borealin: a novel chromosomal passenger required for stability of the bipolar mitotic spindle.
The fission yeast TOR homolog, tor1+, is required for the response to starvation and other stresses via a conserved serine.
Constitutive Gαi coupling activity of very large G protein-coupled receptor 1 (VLGR1) and its regulation by PDZD7 protein.
STING is an endoplasmic reticulum adaptor that facilitates innate immune signalling.
Phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase is required for endosomal trafficking and degradation of the EGF receptor.
Naphthalene dioxygenase: purification and properties of a terminal oxygenase component.
Mutations in DNAH1, which encodes an inner arm heavy chain dynein, lead to male infertility from multiple morphological abnormalities of the sperm flagella.
Expression cloning of an epithelial amiloride-sensitive Na+ channel. A new channel type with homologies to Caenorhabditis elegans degenerins.
Arabidopsis CAND1, an unmodified CUL1-interacting protein, is involved in multiple developmental pathways controlled by ubiquitin/proteasome-mediated protein Degradation.
Mertk drives myosin II redistribution during retinal pigment epithelial phagocytosis.
Role of eIF5A in TNF-alpha-mediated apoptosis of lamina cribrosa cells.
TRIM23 mediates virus-induced autophagy via activation of TBK1.
The inhibitory receptor IRp60 (CD300a) is expressed and functional on human mast cells.
Expression cloning of human and rat renal cortex Na/Pi cotransport.
CTR1 phosphorylates the central regulator EIN2 to control ethylene hormone signaling from the ER membrane to the nucleus in Arabidopsis.
Antiangiogenic activity of restin, NC10 domain of human collagen XV: comparison to endostatin.
Lin28 mediates the terminal uridylation of let-7 precursor MicroRNA.
Characterization of proteinase-3 (PR-3), a neutrophil serine proteinase. Structural and functional properties.
The calcineurin regulator sra plays an essential role in female meiosis in Drosophila.
A highly charged region in the middle domain of plant endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-localized heat-shock protein 90 is required for resistance to tunicamycin or high calcium-induced ER stresses.
Stereocilia defects in the sensory hair cells of the inner ear in mice deficient in integrin alpha8beta1.
Control of white-opaque phenotypic switching in Candida albicans by the Efg1p morphogenetic regulator.
Drosophila crinkled, mutations of which disrupt morphogenesis and cause lethality, encodes fly myosin VIIA.
Transcriptional coactivator, CIITA, is an acetyltransferase that bypasses a promoter requirement for TAF(II)250.
Phosphorylation at serine 10, a major phosphorylation site of p27(Kip1), increases its protein stability.
The histone H3 lysine-27 demethylase Jmjd3 links inflammation to inhibition of polycomb-mediated gene silencing.
Essential roles of PI(3)K-p110beta in cell growth, metabolism and tumorigenesis.
The methylosome, a 20S complex containing JBP1 and pICln, produces dimethylarginine-modified Sm proteins.
Arabidopsis signal transduction mutant defective in chemically and biologically induced disease resistance.
Defective lysosomal targeting of activated fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 in achondroplasia.
Angiomotin-like2 gene (amotl2) is required for migration and proliferation of endothelial cells during angiogenesis.
Identification of a human histone acetyltransferase related to monocytic leukemia zinc finger protein.
The evi5 oncogene regulates cyclin accumulation by stabilizing the anaphase-promoting complex inhibitor emi1.
Characterization of components of the anaerobic ribonucleotide reductase system from Escherichia coli.
Mannose-binding lectin engagement with late apoptotic and necrotic cells.
Adipocyte-type fatty acid-binding protein as inter-compartmental shuttle for peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma agonists in cultured cell.
Dual functioning of plant arginases provides a third route for putrescine synthesis.
Lipoxygenases mediate the effect of essential fatty acid in skin barrier formation: a proposed role in releasing omega-hydroxyceramide for construction of the corneocyte lipid envelope.
A linear pentapeptide is a quorum-sensing factor required for mazEF-mediated cell death in Escherichia coli.
The global transcriptional response of Escherichia coli to induced sigma 32 protein involves sigma 32 regulon activation followed by inactivation and degradation of sigma 32 in vivo.
Proteomic analyses reveal an acidic prime side specificity for the astacin metalloprotease family reflected by physiological substrates.
tRNA ligase catalyzes the GTP-dependent ligation of RNA with 3'-phosphate and 5'-hydroxyl termini.
SEPA-1 mediates the specific recognition and degradation of P granule components by autophagy in C. elegans.
NTB-A [correction of GNTB-A], a novel SH2D1A-associated surface molecule contributing to the inability of natural killer cells to kill Epstein-Barr virus-infected B cells in X-linked lymphoproliferative disease.
PUMA induces the rapid apoptosis of colorectal cancer cells.
Large-scale structural analysis of the classical human protein tyrosine phosphatome.
SOS3 function in plant salt tolerance requires N-myristoylation and calcium binding.
Isolated lymphatic endothelial cells transduce growth, survival and migratory signals via the VEGF-C/D receptor VEGFR-3.
Nucleolar structure and function are regulated by the deubiquitylating enzyme USP36.
Members of the Arabidopsis dynamin-like gene family, ADL1, are essential for plant cytokinesis and polarized cell growth.
Dynamic phosphorylation of tyrosine 665 in pseudopodium-enriched atypical kinase 1 (PEAK1) is essential for the regulation of cell migration and focal adhesion turnover.
Active site structure and stereospecificity of Escherichia coli pyridoxine-5'-phosphate oxidase.
Identification of the retinoic acid-inducible all-trans-retinoic acid 4-hydroxylase.
Systematic identification, classification, and characterization of the open reading frames which encode novel helicase-related proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by gene disruption and Northern analysis.
Dephosphorylation of the C-terminal tyrosyl residue of the DNA damage-related histone H2A.X is mediated by the protein phosphatase eyes absent.
Interaction of influenza virus NS1 protein and the human homologue of Staufen in vivo and in vitro.
KAR3, a kinesin-related gene required for yeast nuclear fusion.
The crystal structure of a cardiovirus RNA-dependent RNA polymerase reveals an unusual conformation of the polymerase active site.
Characterization of murine BATF: a negative regulator of activator protein-1 activity in the thymus.
Phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase is activated by association with IRS-1 during insulin stimulation.
Purification and characterization of a catalytic domain of rat intestinal phospholipase B/lipase associated with brush border membranes.
Structure and catalytic mechanism of the human histone methyltransferase SET7/9.
Fidelity in planar cell polarity signalling.
NFP, a LysM protein controlling Nod factor perception, also intervenes in Medicago truncatula resistance to pathogens.
The emerging complexity of protein ubiquitination.
Multiple cyclophilins involved in different cellular pathways mediate HCV replication.
Expression and function of epithelial anoctamins.
Endonucleolytic function of MutLalpha in human mismatch repair.
PRMT7 is a member of the protein arginine methyltransferase family with a distinct substrate specificity.
Distinct ubiquitin-ligase complexes define convergent pathways for the degradation of ER proteins.
Properties of the interaction of Arf-like protein 2 with PDEdelta.
Catalytic strategy of S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine hydrolase: transition-state stabilization and the avoidance of abortive reactions.
PAK-family kinases regulate cell and actin polarization throughout the cell cycle of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Identification of envelope determinants of feline leukemia virus subgroup B that permit infection and gene transfer to cells expressing human Pit1 or Pit2.
Biotin synthesis begins by hijacking the fatty acid synthetic pathway.
Mutational analysis of duck delta 2 crystallin and the structure of an inactive mutant with bound substrate provide insight into the enzymatic mechanism of argininosuccinate lyase.
PP2A-dependent transactivation of the cyclin A promoter by SV40 ST is mediated by a cell cycle-regulated E2F site.
Cloning of a cDNA encoding chitotriosidase, a human chitinase produced by macrophages.
The overall pattern of cardiac contraction depends on a spatial gradient of myosin regulatory light chain phosphorylation.
The evolutionarily conserved porcupine gene family is involved in the processing of the Wnt family.
Mouse TonEBP-NFAT5: expression in early development and alternative splicing.
Mutations Preventing Regulated Exon Skipping in MET Cause Osteofibrous Dysplasia.
The Cl-/H+ antiporter ClC-7 is the primary chloride permeation pathway in lysosomes.
[DEMONSTRATION OF 2 MALATE SYNTHASES IN ESCHERICHIA COLI].
Identification, cloning, and functional analysis of the human U6 snRNA-specific terminal uridylyl transferase.
Aurora-C kinase is a novel chromosomal passenger protein that can complement Aurora-B kinase function in mitotic cells.
The adapter protein APS associates with the multifunctional docking sites Tyr-568 and Tyr-936 in c-Kit.
HARP is an ATP-driven annealing helicase.
A novel protein LZTFL1 regulates ciliary trafficking of the BBSome and Smoothened.
Glutathione-S-transferase P1 is a critical regulator of Cdk5 kinase activity.
Engagement of p75/AIRM1 or CD33 inhibits the proliferation of normal or leukemic myeloid cells.
Adaptive evolution and antiviral activity of the conserved mammalian cytidine deaminase APOBEC3H.
Cytosolic aspartate aminotransferase, a new partner in adipocyte glyceroneogenesis and an atypical target of thiazolidinedione.
AHK5 histidine kinase regulates root elongation through an ETR1-dependent abscisic acid and ethylene signaling pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Expression of the developmental I antigen by a cloned human cDNA encoding a member of a beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase gene family.
Disruptive SCYL1 Mutations Underlie a Syndrome Characterized by Recurrent Episodes of Liver Failure, Peripheral Neuropathy, Cerebellar Atrophy, and Ataxia.
The target of ezetimibe is Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1).
Targeted disruption of mouse fibroblast activation protein.
Human 1A6/DRIM, the homolog of yeast Utp20, functions in the 18S rRNA processing.
Interaction of a mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling module with the neuronal protein JIP3.
Molecular cloning of delta-4, a new mouse and human Notch ligand.
Ca(2+)-independent cell-adhesion activity of claudins, a family of integral membrane proteins localized at tight junctions.
SRrp37, a novel splicing regulator located in the nuclear speckles and nucleoli, interacts with SC35 and modulates alternative pre-mRNA splicing in vivo.
Identification of a target cell permissive factor required for contact-dependent growth inhibition (CDI).
Delta-mediated specification of midline cell fates in zebrafish embryos.
Properties of serine:glyoxylate aminotransferase purified from Arabidopsis thaliana leaves.
Structural requirements for the assembly of LINC complexes and their function in cellular mechanical stiffness.
OTU deubiquitinases reveal mechanisms of linkage specificity and enable ubiquitin chain restriction analysis.
Transcriptional silencing and longevity protein Sir2 is an NAD-dependent histone deacetylase.
A crucial role for the p110delta subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in B cell development and activation.
A conserved role for the zinc finger polyadenosine RNA binding protein, ZC3H14, in control of poly(A) tail length.
The interferon regulatory factor, IRF5, is a central mediator of toll-like receptor 7 signaling.
STIM2 is an inhibitor of STIM1-mediated store-operated Ca2+ Entry.
Pre-mRNA and mRNA binding of human nuclear DNA helicase II (RNA helicase A).
Mutational analysis of bli-4/kpc-4 reveals critical residues required for proprotein convertase function in C. elegans.
Significant expression levels of transgenic PPP1CC2 in testis and sperm are required to overcome the male infertility phenotype of Ppp1cc null mice.
The astrin-kinastrin/SKAP complex localizes to microtubule plus ends and facilitates chromosome alignment.
MYST protein acetyltransferase activity requires active site lysine autoacetylation.
Role of PRL-3, a human muscle-specific tyrosine phosphatase, in angiotensin-II signaling.
Transcriptional factor FOXL2 interacts with DP103 and induces apoptosis.
Essential roles for Caenorhabditis elegans lamin gene in nuclear organization, cell cycle progression, and spatial organization of nuclear pore complexes.
Exophilin4/Slp2-a targets glucagon granules to the plasma membrane through unique Ca2+-inhibitory phospholipid-binding activity of the C2A domain.
Purification and properties of human D-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratase: medium-chain enoyl-CoA hydratase is D-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratase.
Peroxidase activity of annexin 1 from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Transcriptional control of brown fat determination by PRDM16.
SH2D4A regulates cell proliferation via the ERalpha/PLC-gamma/PKC pathway.
Lanosterol reverses protein aggregation in cataracts.
New type of POU domain in germ line-specific protein Oct-4.
The arginine methyltransferase PRMT2 binds RB and regulates E2F function.
Identification of Mrj, a DnaJ/Hsp40 family protein, as a keratin 8/18 filament regulatory protein.
Proteasome dysfunction triggers activation of SKN-1A/Nrf1 by the aspartic protease DDI-1.
The host protein Staufen1 interacts with the Pr55Gag zinc fingers and regulates HIV-1 assembly via its N-terminus.
Chromatin-associated protein phosphatase 1 regulates aurora-B and histone H3 phosphorylation.
Novel tumor necrosis factor-responsive mammalian neutral sphingomyelinase-3 is a C-tail-anchored protein.
FLRG, member of the follistatin family, a new player in hematopoiesis.
Direct binding to and tyrosine phosphorylation of the alpha subunit of the type I interferon receptor by p135tyk2 tyrosine kinase.
Rev-erbα regulates circadian rhythms and StAR expression in rat granulosa cells as identified by the agonist GSK4112.
An active second dihydrofolate reductase enzyme is not a feature of rat and mouse, but they do have activity in their mitochondria.
The zebrafish kohtalo/trap230 gene is required for the development of the brain, neural crest, and pronephric kidney.
Deubiquitination of CXCR4 by USP14 is critical for both CXCL12-induced CXCR4 degradation and chemotaxis but not ERK ativation.
Evolutionary and structural analyses of mammalian haloacid dehalogenase-type phosphatases AUM and chronophin provide insight into the basis of their different substrate specificities.
Mass spectrometric analysis of the individual variability of Bothrops jararaca venom peptide fraction. Evidence for sex-based variation among the bradykinin-potentiating peptides.
Catalytic properties of polymorphic human cytochrome P450 1B1 variants.
DIT101 (CSD2, CAL1), a cell cycle-regulated yeast gene required for synthesis of chitin in cell walls and chitosan in spore walls.
Interaction of short-range repressors with Drosophila CtBP in the embryo.
MIG-17/ADAMTS controls cell migration by recruiting nidogen to the basement membrane in C. elegans.
Diverse functional properties of Wilson disease ATP7B variants.
Functional comparisons of the lysophosphatidic acid receptors, LP(A1)/VZG-1/EDG-2, LP(A2)/EDG-4, and LP(A3)/EDG-7 in neuronal cell lines using a retrovirus expression system.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae polymerase zeta functions in mitochondria.
Alternative splicing of the Oct-2 transcription factor RNA is differentially regulated in neuronal cells and B cells and results in protein isoforms with opposite effects on the activity of octamer/TAATGARAT-containing promoters.
Genetic interactions among cortical malformation genes that influence susceptibility to convulsions in C. elegans.
Cell-specific and hypoxia-dependent regulation of human HIF-3α: inhibition of the expression of HIF target genes in vascular cells.
Core formation in Escherichia coli bacterioferritin requires a functional ferroxidase center.
Structural and enzymatic characterization of Drosophila Dm2-MMP, a membrane-bound matrix metalloproteinase with tissue-specific expression.
Gene structure of rat cholecystokinin type-A receptor.
HLA-DQA2 and HLA-DQB2 genes are specifically expressed in human Langerhans cells and encode a new HLA class II molecule.
Evolutionary divergence in the catalytic activity of the CAM-1, ROR1 and ROR2 kinase domains.
A disulfide tether stabilizes the block of sodium channels by the conotoxin μO§-GVIIJ.
Site-specific splice variation of the human P2X4 receptor.
BORC, a multisubunit complex that regulates lysosome positioning.
The Arabidopsis AAA ATPase SKD1 is involved in multivesicular endosome function and interacts with its positive regulator LYST-INTERACTING PROTEIN5.
The human HIF (hypoxia-inducible factor)-3alpha gene is a HIF-1 target gene and may modulate hypoxic gene induction.
Heterotrimeric G protein gamma subunits provide functional selectivity in Gbetagamma dimer signaling in Arabidopsis.
Evidence for a conserved 95-120 kDa subunit associated with and essential for activity of V-ATPases.
The role of PTF1-P48 in pancreatic acinar gene expression.
Purification of the aldehyde oxidase homolog 1 (AOH1) protein and cloning of the AOH1 and aldehyde oxidase homolog 2 (AOH2) genes. Identification of a novel molybdo-flavoprotein gene cluster on mouse chromosome 1.
SMAR1 and Cux/CDP modulate chromatin and act as negative regulators of the TCRbeta enhancer (Ebeta).
The Aspergillus niger faeB gene encodes a second feruloyl esterase involved in pectin and xylan degradation and is specifically induced in the presence of aromatic compounds.
jkk-1 and mek-1 regulate body movement coordination and response to heavy metals through jnk-1 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Citrin and aralar1 are Ca(2+)-stimulated aspartate/glutamate transporters in mitochondria.
Clk2 and B56β mediate insulin-regulated assembly of the PP2A phosphatase holoenzyme complex on Akt.
Role of gamma-carboxyglutamic acid residues in the binding of factor IXa to platelets and in factor-X activation.
Mouse heart Na+ channels: primary structure and function of two isoforms and alternatively spliced variants.
SIRT4 represses peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α activity to suppress hepatic fat oxidation.
Purification and characterization of 5'-deoxy-5'-methylthioadenosine phosphorylase from human placenta.
BAT3 and SET1A form a complex with CTCFL/BORIS to modulate H3K4 histone dimethylation and gene expression.
Acetylation stabilizes ATP-citrate lyase to promote lipid biosynthesis and tumor growth.
Concerted loading of Mcm2-7 double hexamers around DNA during DNA replication origin licensing.
minibrain: a new protein kinase family involved in postembryonic neurogenesis in Drosophila.
A human homologue of yeast anti-silencing factor has histone chaperone activity.
Requirement of the mTOR kinase for the regulation of Maf1 phosphorylation and control of RNA polymerase III-dependent transcription in cancer cells.
TGF-b superfamily cytokine MIC-1/GDF15 is a physiological appetite and body weight regulator.
Independent recognition of Staphylococcus aureus by two receptors for phagocytosis in Drosophila.
Secretion and lysophospholipase D activity of autotaxin by adipocytes are controlled by N-glycosylation and signal peptidase.
Ang2/fat-free is a conserved subunit of the Golgi-associated retrograde protein complex.
Comm function in commissural axon guidance: cell-autonomous sorting of Robo in vivo.
Identification of the gene encoding the enzyme deficient in mucopolysaccharidosis IIIC (Sanfilippo disease type C).
A chloroplast ABC1-like kinase regulates vitamin E metabolism in Arabidopsis.
The axial element protein HTP-3 promotes cohesin loading and meiotic axis assembly in C. elegans to implement the meiotic program of chromosome segregation.
In-frame deletion in a novel centrosomal/ciliary protein CEP290/NPHP6 perturbs its interaction with RPGR and results in early-onset retinal degeneration in the rd16 mouse.
Isolation and characterization of a novel dual specific phosphatase, HVH2, which selectively dephosphorylates the mitogen-activated protein kinase.
GNAT1 associated with autosomal recessive congenital stationary night blindness.
NFAT promotes carcinoma invasive migration through glypican-6.
Expression and function of a stem cell promoter for the murine CBFalpha2 gene: distinct roles and regulation in natural killer and T cell development.
A Drosophila homologue of membrane-skeleton protein 4.1 is associated with septate junctions and is encoded by the coracle gene.
Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis protein CLN3 interacts with motor proteins and modifies location of late endosomal compartments.
Effect of clathrin heavy chain- and alpha-adaptin-specific small inhibitory RNAs on endocytic accessory proteins and receptor trafficking in HeLa cells.
Axonal transport of mitochondria requires milton to recruit kinesin heavy chain and is light chain independent.
Mouse SYCP2 is required for synaptonemal complex assembly and chromosomal synapsis during male meiosis.
A novel Src homology 2 domain-containing molecule, Src-like adapter protein-2 (SLAP-2), which negatively regulates T cell receptor signaling.
Insulin receptors in Xenopus laevis liver and forelimb regenerates and the effects of local insulin deprivation on regeneration.
Urea transport by nitrogen-regulated tonoplast intrinsic proteins in Arabidopsis.
PORPHOBILINOGEN DEAMINASE deficiency alters vegetative and reproductive development and causes lesions in Arabidopsis.
Aberrant expression of the MEL1S gene identified in association with hypomethylation in adult T-cell leukemia cells.
An Arabidopsis pex10 null mutant is embryo lethal, implicating peroxisomes in an essential role during plant embryogenesis.
HERC2 coordinates ubiquitin-dependent assembly of DNA repair factors on damaged chromosomes.
Overexpression of inhA, but not kasA, confers resistance to isoniazid and ethionamide in Mycobacterium smegmatis, M. bovis BCG and M. tuberculosis.
Dual role of BRUCE as an antiapoptotic IAP and a chimeric E2/E3 ubiquitin ligase.
PNPASE regulates RNA import into mitochondria.
Discovery of a functional polymorphism in human glutathione transferase zeta by expressed sequence tag database analysis.
Sho1 and Pbs2 act as coscaffolds linking components in the yeast high osmolarity MAP kinase pathway.
Binding of the NG2 proteoglycan to kringle domains modulates the functional properties of angiostatin and plasmin(ogen).
Expression cloning of a cocaine- and antidepressant-sensitive human noradrenaline transporter.
Docking motif-guided mapping of the interactome of protein phosphatase-1.
FCHo proteins are nucleators of clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
A single amino acid in E-cadherin responsible for host specificity towards the human pathogen Listeria monocytogenes.
Expression and characterization of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-3alpha in human kidney: suppression of HIF-mediated gene expression by HIF-3alpha.
Structure and chromosomal localization of human and mouse genes for hematopoietic prostaglandin D synthase. Conservation of the ancestral genomic structure of sigma-class glutathione S-transferase.
Selective coactivator interactions in gene activation by SREBP-1a and -1c.
piwi encodes a nucleoplasmic factor whose activity modulates the number and division rate of germline stem cells.
Zasp is required for the assembly of functional integrin adhesion sites.
In vitro-in vivo correlation for intrinsic clearance for drugs metabolized by human aldehyde oxidase.
A mammalian fatty acid hydroxylase responsible for the formation of alpha-hydroxylated galactosylceramide in myelin.
Expression, purification, and characterization of human malonyl-CoA decarboxylase.
Protein kinase MARK/PAR-1 is required for neurite outgrowth and establishment of neuronal polarity.
DIAP2 functions as a mechanism-based regulator of drICE that contributes to the caspase activity threshold in living cells.
Mutations in rik1, clr2, clr3 and clr4 genes asymmetrically derepress the silent mating-type loci in fission yeast.
Clint: a novel clathrin-binding ENTH-domain protein at the Golgi.
Yeast V-ATPase complexes containing different isoforms of the 100-kDa a-subunit differ in coupling efficiency and in vivo dissociation.
p53 is involved in the p120E4F-mediated growth arrest.
Native GABA(B) receptors are heteromultimers with a family of auxiliary subunits.
Neuralized-like 1 (Neurl1) targeted to the plasma membrane by N-myristoylation regulates the Notch ligand Jagged1.
Striatum- and testis-specific phosphodiesterase PDE10A isolation and characterization of a rat PDE10A.
Caspase-1zeta, a new splice variant of the caspase-1 gene.
CATERPILLER 16.2 (CLR16.2), a novel NBD/LRR family member that negatively regulates T cell function.
Mechanism of coenzyme binding to human methionine synthase reductase revealed through the crystal structure of the FNR-like module and isothermal titration calorimetry.
Cellularisation in the endosperm of Arabidopsis thaliana is coupled to mitosis and shares multiple components with cytokinesis.
Role of adaptor TRIF in the MyD88-independent toll-like receptor signaling pathway.
Expanded substrate screenings of human and Drosophila type 10 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases (HSDs) reveal multiple specificities in bile acid and steroid hormone metabolism: characterization of multifunctional 3alpha/7alpha/7beta/17beta/20beta/21-HSD.
Protein phosphatase 5 is a negative regulator of estrogen receptor-mediated transcription.
Sub-cellular localisation of the white/scarlet ABC transporter to pigment granule membranes within the compound eye of Drosophila melanogaster.
Tomosyn: a syntaxin-1-binding protein that forms a novel complex in the neurotransmitter release process.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis GroEL homologues unusually exist as lower oligomers and retain the ability to suppress aggregation of substrate proteins.
A transmembrane accessory subunit that modulates kainate-type glutamate receptors.
DJ-1 positively regulates the androgen receptor by impairing the binding of PIASx alpha to the receptor.
SUMO5, a Novel Poly-SUMO Isoform, Regulates PML Nuclear Bodies.
Inhibition of Cdh1-APC by the MAD2-related protein MAD2L2: a novel mechanism for regulating Cdh1.
Senescence marker protein-30 is a unique enzyme that hydrolyzes diisopropyl phosphorofluoridate in the liver.
Wrch-1, a novel member of the Rho gene family that is regulated by Wnt-1.
Crystal structure of the PTPL1/FAP-1 human tyrosine phosphatase mutated in colorectal cancer: evidence for a second phosphotyrosine substrate recognition pocket.
Esa1p is an essential histone acetyltransferase required for cell cycle progression.
Bone morphogenetic protein-9 is a circulating vascular quiescence factor.
Oxidative decarboxylation of UDP-glucuronic acid in extracts of polymyxin-resistant Escherichia coli. Origin of lipid a species modified with 4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose.
JAML, a novel protein with characteristics of a junctional adhesion molecule, is induced during differentiation of myeloid leukemia cells.
The ZW10 and Rough Deal checkpoint proteins function together in a large, evolutionarily conserved complex targeted to the kinetochore.
Transferrin receptor 1 is a cellular receptor for New World haemorrhagic fever arenaviruses.
NCX1 Na/Ca exchanger splice variants in pancreatic islet cells.
Two RNA-binding motifs in eIF3 direct HCV IRES-dependent translation.
Activation of IkappaB kinase beta by protein kinase C isoforms.
An IL-4 receptor region containing an insulin receptor motif is important for IL-4-mediated IRS-1 phosphorylation and cell growth.
PRMT1 mediated methylation of TAF15 is required for its positive gene regulatory function.
Nonstructural proteins NS2-3 and NS4A of classical swine fever virus: essential features for infectious particle formation.
Coronavirus nsp6 proteins generate autophagosomes from the endoplasmic reticulum via an omegasome intermediate.
Structural insight into the activation mechanism of human pancreatic prophospholipase A2.
A highly conserved novel family of mammalian developmental transcription factors related to Drosophila grainyhead.
Interaction proteomics analysis of polycomb proteins defines distinct PRC1 complexes in mammalian cells.
Multifunctional role of human SPLUNC1 in Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection.
Human HIF-3alpha4 is a dominant-negative regulator of HIF-1 and is down-regulated in renal cell carcinoma.
The opposing transcriptional activities of the two isoforms of the human progesterone receptor are due to differential cofactor binding.
220- and 130-kDa MLCKs have distinct tissue distributions and intracellular localization patterns.
A human Na+/H+ antiporter sharing evolutionary origins with bacterial NhaA may be a candidate gene for essential hypertension.
Autophagosome formation depends on the small GTPase Rab1 and functional ER exit sites.
Essential kinase-independent role of a Fer-like non-receptor tyrosine kinase in Caenorhabditis elegans morphogenesis.
Syndrome of hepatic cirrhosis, dystonia, polycythemia, and hypermanganesemia caused by mutations in SLC30A10, a manganese transporter in man.
Mutations in SLC30A10 cause parkinsonism and dystonia with hypermanganesemia, polycythemia, and chronic liver disease.
RNA-dependent conversion of phosphoserine forms selenocysteine in eukaryotes and archaea.
Differential splicing generates a nervous system-specific form of Drosophila neuroglian.
The cellular trafficking of the secretory proprotein convertase PCSK9 and its dependence on the LDLR.
Impaired synapse function during postnatal development in the absence of CALEB, an EGF-like protein processed by neuronal activity.
Identification and functional analysis of a defect in the human ALG9 gene: definition of congenital disorder of glycosylation type IL.
Immunochemical analysis of the functions of the subunits of phage Qbeta ribonucleic acid replicase.
Identification of Tek/Tie2 binding partners. Binding to a multifunctional docking site mediates cell survival and migration.
Fasciculation and elongation protein zeta-1 (FEZ1) participates in the polarization of hippocampal neuron by controlling the mitochondrial motility.
Identity between TRAP and SMCC complexes indicates novel pathways for the function of nuclear receptors and diverse mammalian activators.
Membrane recruitment of the cargo-selective retromer subcomplex is catalysed by the small GTPase Rab7 and inhibited by the Rab-GAP TBC1D5.
Solution structure of the sodium channel inactivation gate.
Loss of the Suv39h histone methyltransferases impairs mammalian heterochromatin and genome stability.
POLQ (Pol theta), a DNA polymerase and DNA-dependent ATPase in human cells.
TAA1-mediated auxin biosynthesis is essential for hormone crosstalk and plant development.
Rapid synthesis of auxin via a new tryptophan-dependent pathway is required for shade avoidance in plants.
A stromal cell-derived membrane protein that supports hematopoietic stem cells.
Yeast carboxyl-terminal domain kinase I positively and negatively regulates RNA polymerase II carboxyl-terminal domain phosphorylation.
Antibacterial activity and specificity of the six human {alpha}-defensins.
Computer-assisted morphometry of cell-substratum contacts.
Loss of BBS proteins causes anosmia in humans and defects in olfactory cilia structure and function in the mouse.
The CEP family in land plants: evolutionary analyses, expression studies, and role in Arabidopsis shoot development.
Beta-arrestin- but not G protein-mediated signaling by the "decoy" receptor CXCR7.
Structure-guided mutation of the conserved G3-box glycine in Rheb generates a constitutively activated regulator of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR).
Jmjd6 catalyses lysyl-hydroxylation of U2AF65, a protein associated with RNA splicing.
Yeast homolog of human SAG/ROC2/Rbx2/Hrt2 is essential for cell growth, but not for germination: chip profiling implicates its role in cell cycle regulation.
Fibulin-1 suppression of fibronectin-regulated cell adhesion and motility.
The nuclear chloride ion channel NCC27 is involved in regulation of the cell cycle.
Costimulation induced phosphorylation of L-plastin facilitates surface transport of the T cell activation molecules CD69 and CD25.
Identification of small subunits of mammalian serine palmitoyltransferase that confer distinct acyl-CoA substrate specificities.
Essential role of Rip2 in the modulation of innate and adaptive immunity triggered by Nod1 and Nod2 ligands.
Characterization of the imitation switch subfamily of ATP-dependent chromatin-remodeling factors in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
LET-99 opposes Galpha/GPR signaling to generate asymmetry for spindle positioning in response to PAR and MES-1/SRC-1 signaling.
CYP1B1 expression promotes the proangiogenic phenotype of endothelium through decreased intracellular oxidative stress and thrombospondin-2 expression.
Phosphorylation-induced dimerization of interferon regulatory factor 7 unmasks DNA binding and a bipartite transactivation domain.
A Gly1 to Ala substitution in poliovirus capsid protein VP0 blocks its myristoylation and prevents viral assembly.
AIP1/ALIX is a binding partner for HIV-1 p6 and EIAV p9 functioning in virus budding.
Isolation and characterization of D-threonine aldolase, a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent enzyme from Arthrobacter sp. DK-38.
Analysis of the interaction between Zinc finger protein 179 (Znf179) and promyelocytic leukemia zinc finger (Plzf).
Characterization of the iron transporter DMT1 (NRAMP2/DCT1) in red blood cells of normal and anemic mk/mk mice.
Human peptidoglycan recognition protein-L is an N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanine amidase.
Characterization of four arylsulfatase A missense mutations G86D, Y201C, D255H, and E312D causing metachromatic leukodystrophy.
Identification and functional characterization of adipose-specific phospholipase A2 (AdPLA).
Activation of HIF1alpha ubiquitination by a reconstituted von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) tumor suppressor complex.
The RNA helicase RIG-I has an essential function in double-stranded RNA-induced innate antiviral responses.
Ataxia telangiectasia-mutated phosphorylates Chk2 in vivo and in vitro.
Portosystemic shunting and persistent fetal vascular structures in aryl hydrocarbon receptor-deficient mice.
Alternative mutations of a positively selected residue elicit gain or loss of functionalities in enzyme evolution.
Overlapping functions of the cell adhesion molecules Nr-CAM and L1 in cerebellar granule cell development.
BATF transgenic mice reveal a role for activator protein-1 in NKT cell development.
Role of Tet proteins in 5mC to 5hmC conversion, ES-cell self-renewal and inner cell mass specification.
Satellite cell loss and impaired muscle regeneration in selenoprotein N deficiency.
The coactivator host cell factor-1 mediates Set1 and MLL1 H3K4 trimethylation at herpesvirus immediate early promoters for initiation of infection.
Mutation of l7Rn3 shows that Odz4 is required for mouse gastrulation.
loco encodes an RGS protein required for Drosophila glial differentiation.
Divergent functional properties of the ribosome-associated molecular chaperone Ssb compared with other Hsp70s.
Analysis of a zebrafish VEGF receptor mutant reveals specific disruption of angiogenesis.
Mouse maelstrom, a component of nuage, is essential for spermatogenesis and transposon repression in meiosis.
Linking transcriptional elongation and messenger RNA export to metastatic breast cancers.
Functional implications of genetic interactions between genes encoding small GTPases involved in vesicular transport in yeast.
Autophosphorylation of KDR in the kinase domain is required for maximal VEGF-stimulated kinase activity and receptor internalization.
Mutational analysis of the mitochondrial Rieske iron-sulfur protein of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. III. Import, protease processing, and assembly into the cytochrome bc1 complex of iron-sulfur protein lacking the iron-sulfur cluster.
Diverse regulation of sensory signaling by C. elegans nPKC-epsilon/eta TTX-4.
HIV-1 replication through hHR23A-mediated interaction of Vpr with 26S proteasome.
Crystal structures of β-1,4-galactosyltransferase 7 enzyme reveal conformational changes and substrate binding.
The death domain kinase RIP has an essential role in DNA damage-induced NF-kappa B activation.
Formin-2, polyploidy, hypofertility and positioning of the meiotic spindle in mouse oocytes.
Functional dissection of an AP-2 beta2 appendage-binding sequence within the autosomal recessive hypercholesterolemia protein.
The Ovo/Shavenbaby transcription factor specifies actin remodelling during epidermal differentiation in Drosophila.
Human Cep192 is required for mitotic centrosome and spindle assembly.
Galectin-9-CD44 interaction enhances stability and function of adaptive regulatory T cells.
A mitotic septin scaffold required for Mammalian chromosome congression and segregation.
ARL13B, PDE6D, and CEP164 form a functional network for INPP5E ciliary targeting.
Structural reorganization of the Toll-like receptor 8 dimer induced by agonistic ligands.
Drosophila stem cells share a common requirement for the histone H2B ubiquitin protease scrawny.
Tick-borne encephalitis virus NS5 associates with membrane protein scribble and impairs interferon-stimulated JAK-STAT signalling.
Innate antiviral responses by means of TLR7-mediated recognition of single-stranded RNA.
Obligatory role for phospholipase C-gamma(1) in villin-induced epithelial cell migration.
Identification and characterization of novel parathyroid-specific transcription factor Glial Cells Missing Homolog B (GCMB) mutations in eight families with autosomal recessive hypoparathyroidism.
Royalactin induces queen differentiation in honeybees.
A role for the deep orange and carnation eye color genes in lysosomal delivery in Drosophila.
NLS-dependent nuclear localization of p120ctn is necessary to relieve Kaiso-mediated transcriptional repression.
Sustained activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase by nerve growth factor regulates c-fos protein stabilization and transactivation in PC12 cells.
Structure and cleavage specificity of the chymotrypsin-like serine protease (3CLSP/nsp4) of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV).
Triggering cell death: the crystal structure of Apo2L/TRAIL in a complex with death receptor 5.
The regulatory light chain of nonmuscle myosin is encoded by spaghetti-squash, a gene required for cytokinesis in Drosophila.
Crystal structure of the N-acetyltransferase domain of human N-acetyl-L-glutamate synthase in complex with N-acetyl-L-glutamate provides insights into its catalytic and regulatory mechanisms.
Efficient cellular release of Rift Valley fever virus requires genomic RNA.
Identification of a ubiquitin-protein ligase subunit within the CCR4-NOT transcription repressor complex.
The molecular mechanism of lead inhibition of human porphobilinogen synthase.
Activation of the myocyte enhancer factor-2 transcription factor by calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase-stimulated binding of 14-3-3 to histone deacetylase 5.
The small GTP-binding protein RhoA regulates a delayed rectifier potassium channel.
Restriction of mesendoderm to a single blastomere by the combined action of SKN-1 and a GSK-3beta homolog is mediated by MED-1 and -2 in C. elegans.
Requiem protein links RelB/p52 and the Brm-type SWI/SNF complex in a noncanonical NF-kappaB pathway.
Identification of an SCF ubiquitin-ligase complex required for auxin response in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Biochemical properties of the human guanylate binding protein 5 and a tumor-specific truncated splice variant.
Interaction of retroviral Tax oncoproteins with tristetraprolin and regulation of tumor necrosis factor-alpha expression.
Molecular modeling and site-directed mutagenesis reveal the benzylisoquinoline binding site of the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase salutaridine reductase.
A polymorphism in CALHM1 influences Ca2+ homeostasis, Abeta levels, and Alzheimer's disease risk.
Protein S-thiolation by Glutathionylspermidine (Gsp): the role of Escherichia coli Gsp synthetASE/amidase in redox regulation.
Degradation of histone mRNA requires oligouridylation followed by decapping and simultaneous degradation of the mRNA both 5' to 3' and 3' to 5'.
Drosophila Topors is a RING finger-containing protein that functions as a ubiquitin-protein isopeptide ligase for the hairy basic helix-loop-helix repressor protein.
5-Hydroxymethylcytosine in the mammalian zygote is linked with epigenetic reprogramming.
IGHMBP2 is a ribosome-associated helicase inactive in the neuromuscular disorder distal SMA type 1 (DSMA1).
V490M, a common mutation in 3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase deficiency, causes enzyme deficiency by decreasing the yield of mature enzyme.
The UCH-L1 gene encodes two opposing enzymatic activities that affect alpha-synuclein degradation and Parkinson's disease susceptibility.
Interleukin-13 is a new human lymphokine regulating inflammatory and immune responses.
Cloning, expression and modulation of a mouse NMDA receptor subunit.
Chymotrypsin inhibitory activity of normal C1-inhibitor and a P1 Arg to His mutant: evidence for the presence of overlapping reactive centers.
The Cul3-KLHL21 E3 ubiquitin ligase targets aurora B to midzone microtubules in anaphase and is required for cytokinesis.
nRap GEP: a novel neural GDP/GTP exchange protein for rap1 small G protein that interacts with synaptic scaffolding molecule (S-SCAM).
Functional analysis of picornavirus 2B proteins: effects on calcium homeostasis and intracellular protein trafficking.
Regulation of the myosin-directed chaperone UNC-45 by a novel E3/E4-multiubiquitylation complex in C. elegans.
Structure and function of the DUF2233 domain in bacteria and in the human mannose 6-phosphate uncovering enzyme.
Structure and interactions with RNA of the N-terminal UUAG-specific RNA-binding domain of hnRNP D0.
DNA binding and transcriptional activation by a PDX1.PBX1b.MEIS2b trimer and cooperation with a pancreas-specific basic helix-loop-helix complex.
IA1 is NGN3-dependent and essential for differentiation of the endocrine pancreas.
14-3-3gamma binds to MDMX that is phosphorylated by UV-activated Chk1, resulting in p53 activation.
Potent and Selective KDM5 Inhibitor Stops Cellular Demethylation of H3K4me3 at Transcription Start Sites and Proliferation of MM1S Myeloma Cells.
The junctional adhesion molecule JAML is a costimulatory receptor for epithelial gammadelta T cell activation.
Inositol- and folate-resistant neural tube defects in mice lacking the epithelial-specific factor Grhl-3.
Characterization of TCTP, the translationally controlled tumor protein, from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Structural and functional conservation of synaptotagmin (p65) in Drosophila and humans.
Poly (ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase regulates retinoic acid receptor-mediated gene expression.
Allosteric activation by dimerization of the PknD receptor Ser/Thr protein kinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Inhibition of GSK3 promotes replication and survival of pancreatic beta cells.
FATE1 antagonizes calcium- and drug-induced apoptosis by uncoupling ER and mitochondria.
The HECT-type E3 ubiquitin ligase AIP2 inhibits activation-induced T-cell death by catalyzing EGR2 ubiquitination.
Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate signaling regulates rhythmic contractile activity of myoepithelial sheath cells in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Human APE2 protein is mostly localized in the nuclei and to some extent in the mitochondria, while nuclear APE2 is partly associated with proliferating cell nuclear antigen.
RNA recognition by the human polyadenylation factor CstF.
Functional expression and characterisation of a new human phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase PI4K230.
Characterization, expression, and immunohistochemical localization of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/delta 5-delta 4 isomerase in human skin.
A highly conserved protein family interacting with the fragile X mental retardation protein (FMRP) and displaying selective interactions with FMRP-related proteins FXR1P and FXR2P.
Multiple processing body factors and the ARE binding protein TTP activate mRNA decapping.
NPR-9, a Galanin-Like G-Protein Coupled Receptor, and GLR-1 Regulate Interneuronal Circuitry Underlying Multisensory Integration of Environmental Cues in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Arachidonic acid oxygenation by COX-1 and COX-2. Mechanisms of catalysis and inhibition.
The RanBP2/RanGAP1*SUMO1/Ubc9 SUMO E3 ligase is a disassembly machine for Crm1-dependent nuclear export complexes.
Dual oncostatin M (OSM) receptors. Cloning and characterization of an alternative signaling subunit conferring OSM-specific receptor activation.
Modification of epidermal growth factor-like repeats with O-fucose. Molecular cloning and expression of a novel GDP-fucose protein O-fucosyltransferase.
Sir2 regulates histone H3 lysine 9 methylation and heterochromatin assembly in fission yeast.
Implication of ZW10 in membrane trafficking between the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi.
Activation of signalling by the activin receptor complex.
Novel cadherin-related membrane proteins, Alcadeins, enhance the X11-like protein-mediated stabilization of amyloid beta-protein precursor metabolism.
Interleukin-1R3 mediates interleukin-1-induced potassium current increase through fast activation of Akt kinase.
Unbalanced placental expression of imprinted genes in human intrauterine growth restriction.
A deubiquitinating enzyme, UCH/CeUBP130, has an essential role in the formation of a functional microtubule-organizing centre (MTOC) during early cleavage in C. elegans.
Human Werner helicase interacting protein 1 (WRNIP1) functions as a novel modulator for DNA polymerase delta.
Genetic analysis of salt-tolerant mutants in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A novel intracellular isoform of matrix metalloproteinase-2 induced by oxidative stress activates innate immunity.
Deficiency of the tetraspanin CD63 associated with kidney pathology but normal lysosomal function.
Aurora-A kinase is essential for bipolar spindle formation and early development.
The TAG1 locus of Arabidopsis encodes for a diacylglycerol acyltransferase.
BuGZ is required for Bub3 stability, Bub1 kinetochore function, and chromosome alignment.
Oncogenic protein UnpEL/Usp4 deubiquitinates Ro52 by its isopeptidase activity.
Adrm1, a putative cell adhesion regulating protein, is a novel proteasome-associated factor.
dADAR, a Drosophila double-stranded RNA-specific adenosine deaminase is highly developmentally regulated and is itself a target for RNA editing.
Rab6 and the secretory pathway affect oocyte polarity in Drosophila.
The Vg1-related protein Gdf3 acts in a Nodal signaling pathway in the pre-gastrulation mouse embryo.
The modulation of CD40 ligand signaling by transmembrane CD28 splice variant in human T cells.
Evidence for essential catalytic determinants for human erythrocyte pyrimidine 5'-nucleotidase.
The yeast permease Acr3p is a dual arsenite and antimonite plasma membrane transporter.
Identification and characterization of a novel mouse plexin, plexin-A4.
RNA Binding Protein RBM38 Regulates Expression of the 11-Kilodalton Protein of Parvovirus B19, Which Facilitates Viral DNA Replication.
LIGHT, a TNF-like molecule, costimulates T cell proliferation and is required for dendritic cell-mediated allogeneic T cell response.
The MADS-domain protein AGAMOUS-like 15 accumulates in embryonic tissues with diverse origins.
Activation of a meiotic checkpoint during Drosophila oogenesis regulates the translation of Gurken through Chk2/Mnk.
Melanoregulin (MREG) modulates lysosome function in pigment epithelial cells.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of bacterial L-arabinose 1-dehydrogenase involved in an alternative pathway of L-arabinose metabolism.
The macro domain is an ADP-ribose binding module.
Dual protein farnesyltransferase-geranylgeranyltransferase-I inhibitors as potential cancer chemotherapeutic agents.
Structural recognition and functional activation of FcgammaR by innate pentraxins.
Functional antagonism between E2F family members.
Fibroblast activation protein: a cell surface dipeptidyl peptidase and gelatinase expressed by stellate cells at the tissue remodelling interface in human cirrhosis.
The outer plastid envelope protein Oep16: role as precursor translocase in import of protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase A.
Antiviral effect of the mammalian translation initiation factor 2alpha kinase GCN2 against RNA viruses.
Two endoplasmic reticulum (ER)/ER Golgi intermediate compartment-based lysine acetyltransferases post-translationally regulate BACE1 levels.
Viral vector-mediated gene transfer of the vole V1a vasopressin receptor in the rat septum: improved social discrimination and active social behaviour.
Maelstrom is required to position the MTOC in stage 2-6 Drosophila oocytes.
The ubiquitin-specific protease USP28 is required for MYC stability.
Regulation of a DLK-1 and p38 MAP kinase pathway by the ubiquitin ligase RPM-1 is required for presynaptic development.
Myeloid DAP12-associating lectin (MDL)-1 is a cell surface receptor involved in the activation of myeloid cells.
A unique sorting nexin regulates trafficking of potassium channels via a PDZ domain interaction.
A new gene, encoding an anion transporter, is mutated in sialic acid storage diseases.
Structural analyses reveal phosphatidyl inositols as ligands for the NR5 orphan receptors SF-1 and LRH-1.
Mobilization of processed, membrane-tethered SPT23 transcription factor by CDC48(UFD1/NPL4), a ubiquitin-selective chaperone.
Phytochrome-specific type 5 phosphatase controls light signal flux by enhancing phytochrome stability and affinity for a signal transducer.
Genotoxic stress regulates expression of the proto-oncogene Bcl6 in germinal center B cells.
Impaired duodenal bicarbonate secretion and mucosal integrity in mice lacking prostaglandin E-receptor subtype EP(3).
Hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-3alpha is subject to extensive alternative splicing in human tissues and cancer cells and is regulated by HIF-1 but not HIF-2.
Mitofusin-1 protein is a generally expressed mediator of mitochondrial fusion in mammalian cells.
Chronophin, a novel HAD-type serine protein phosphatase, regulates cofilin-dependent actin dynamics.
Binding of the Mex67p/Mtr2p heterodimer to FXFG, GLFG, and FG repeat nucleoporins is essential for nuclear mRNA export.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the noncatalytic subunit of the Rab3 subfamily-specific GTPase-activating protein.
Signaling by the kinase MINK is essential in the negative selection of autoreactive thymocytes.
Characterization of a Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase cascade. Molecular cloning and expression of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase.
RING fingers mediate ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme (E2)-dependent ubiquitination.
Ror2, encoding a receptor-like tyrosine kinase, is required for cartilage and growth plate development.
A Mek1-Mek2 heterodimer determines the strength and duration of the Erk signal.
A conserved Mis12 centromere complex is linked to heterochromatic HP1 and outer kinetochore protein Zwint-1.
VE-PTP maintains the endothelial barrier via plakoglobin and becomes dissociated from VE-cadherin by leukocytes and by VEGF.
The NF1 locus encodes a protein functionally related to mammalian GAP and yeast IRA proteins.
The contribution of accessory toxins of Vibrio cholerae O1 El Tor to the proinflammatory response in a murine pulmonary cholera model.
RNA polymerase II complexes in the very early phase of transcription are not susceptible to TFIIS-induced exonucleolytic cleavage.
Human Trim5α has additional activities that are uncoupled from retroviral capsid recognition.
beta-Cyanoalanine synthase is a mitochondrial cysteine synthase-like protein in spinach and Arabidopsis.
Accumulation of dietary cholesterol in sitosterolemia caused by mutations in adjacent ABC transporters.
Teneurin proteins possess a carboxy terminal sequence with neuromodulatory activity.
De Novo Mutations in Protein Kinase Genes CAMK2A and CAMK2B Cause Intellectual Disability.
Structural basis for activation of the thiamin diphosphate-dependent enzyme oxalyl-CoA decarboxylase by adenosine diphosphate.
A contact-activated kinase signals Candida albicans invasive growth and biofilm development.
Myosin-Va-interacting protein, RILPL2, controls cell shape and neuronal morphogenesis via Rac signaling.
Langerin is a natural barrier to HIV-1 transmission by Langerhans cells.
daf-12 encodes a nuclear receptor that regulates the dauer diapause and developmental age in C. elegans.
Crystal structure of human phosphodiesterase 3B: atomic basis for substrate and inhibitor specificity.
Isoforms of mammalian ubiquitin-activating enzyme.
Comparative transcript and alkaloid profiling in Papaver species identifies a short chain dehydrogenase/reductase involved in morphine biosynthesis.
Xenopus U8 snoRNA binding protein is a conserved nuclear decapping enzyme.
The role of GyrB in the DNA cleavage-religation reaction of DNA gyrase: a proposed two metal-ion mechanism.
Identification of RELT homologues that associate with RELT and are phosphorylated by OSR1.
Four-jointed interacts with dachs, abelson and enabled and feeds back onto the Notch pathway to affect growth and segmentation in the Drosophila leg.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of Ca(v)3.1c, a T-type calcium channel from human brain.
The lipoxygenase gene ALOXE3 implicated in skin differentiation encodes a hydroperoxide isomerase.
Intestinal brush border assembly driven by protocadherin-based intermicrovillar adhesion.
Endogenous HMGB1 regulates autophagy.
Agonist-dependent dissociation of human somatostatin receptor 2 dimers: a role in receptor trafficking.
Identification of a novel cell cycle regulated gene, HURP, overexpressed in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
LC3, GABARAP and GATE16 localize to autophagosomal membrane depending on form-II formation.
The homeotic target gene centrosomin encodes an essential centrosomal component.
MVH in piRNA processing and gene silencing of retrotransposons.
DAip1, a Dictyostelium homologue of the yeast actin-interacting protein 1, is involved in endocytosis, cytokinesis, and motility.
The polo-like kinase PLK-1 is required for nuclear envelope breakdown and the completion of meiosis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Purification, molecular and kinetic characterization of phosphofructokinase-1 from the yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe: evidence for an unusual subunit composition.
A novel shuttle protein binds to RNA helicase A and activates the retroviral constitutive transport element.
Structural basis for packaging the dimeric genome of Moloney murine leukaemia virus.
A novel Akt/PKB-related kinase is essential for morphogenesis in Dictyostelium.
A human homolog of the C. elegans polarity determinant Par-6 links Rac and Cdc42 to PKCzeta signaling and cell transformation.
Yeast ntr1/spp382 mediates prp43 function in postspliceosomes.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel dual specificity phosphatase, MKP-5.
Class II phosphoinositide 3-kinases are downstream targets of activated polypeptide growth factor receptors.
Phytochelatin synthase, a dipeptidyltransferase that undergoes multisite acylation with gamma-glutamylcysteine during catalysis: stoichiometric and site-directed mutagenic analysis of arabidopsis thaliana PCS1-catalyzed phytochelatin synthesis.
Cell cycle-regulated expression and subcellular localization of a kinesin-8 member human KIF18B.
Folliculin encoded by the BHD gene interacts with a binding protein, FNIP1, and AMPK, and is involved in AMPK and mTOR signaling.
Nucleo-cytoplasmic shuttling of human Kank protein accompanies intracellular translocation of beta-catenin.
Spartan/C1orf124, a reader of PCNA ubiquitylation and a regulator of UV-induced DNA damage response.
ALK receptor tyrosine kinase promotes cell growth and neurite outgrowth.
Syndapin isoforms participate in receptor-mediated endocytosis and actin organization.
Inn1 couples contraction of the actomyosin ring to membrane ingression during cytokinesis in budding yeast.
Two novel flagellar components and H-NS are involved in the motor function of Escherichia coli.
Molecular cloning of retinal oxidase/aldehyde oxidase cDNAs from rabbit and mouse livers and functional expression of recombinant mouse retinal oxidase cDNA in Escherichia coli.
The Caenorhabditis elegans P21-activated kinases are differentially required for UNC-6/netrin-mediated commissural motor axon guidance.
Glucocorticoid receptor-beta and receptor-gamma exert dominant negative effect on gene repression but not on gene induction.
MAP kinase signalling cascade in Arabidopsis innate immunity.
Nogo-B receptor is necessary for cellular dolichol biosynthesis and protein N-glycosylation.
The co-repressor mSin3A is a functional component of the REST-CoREST repressor complex.
Structure of T4 pyrimidine dimer glycosylase in a reduced imine covalent complex with abasic site-containing DNA.
Transcriptional cofactors of the FOG family interact with GATA proteins by means of multiple zinc fingers.
The BEACH-containing protein WDR81 coordinates p62 and LC3C to promote aggrephagy.
Direct interaction with nup153 mediates binding of Tpr to the periphery of the nuclear pore complex.
The polo-like protein kinases Fnk and Snk associate with a Ca(2+)- and integrin-binding protein and are regulated dynamically with synaptic plasticity.
NELF and DSIF cause promoter proximal pausing on the hsp70 promoter in Drosophila.
Human Bub1 protects centromeric sister-chromatid cohesion through Shugoshin during mitosis.
Palmitoylation of CCR5 is critical for receptor trafficking and efficient activation of intracellular signaling pathways.
Regulation of Hsp27 oligomerization, chaperone function, and protective activity against oxidative stress/tumor necrosis factor alpha by phosphorylation.
Hyperphosphorylation of the retinoid X receptor alpha by activated c-Jun NH2-terminal kinases.
Structures of the four subfamilies of phosphodiesterase-4 provide insight into the selectivity of their inhibitors.
Repression of estrogen receptor beta function by putative tumor suppressor DBC1.
A genome-wide screen identifies the evolutionarily conserved KEOPS complex as a telomere regulator.
FKLF, a novel Krüppel-like factor that activates human embryonic and fetal beta-like globin genes.
Yeast mutants affecting possible quality control of plasma membrane proteins.
C9orf72 is required for proper macrophage and microglial function in mice.
ICA512 signaling enhances pancreatic beta-cell proliferation by regulating cyclins D through STATs.
Linear ubiquitination prevents inflammation and regulates immune signalling.
CRISPR RNA maturation by trans-encoded small RNA and host factor RNase III.
The Myc target gene JPO1/CDCA7 is frequently overexpressed in human tumors and has limited transforming activity in vivo.
Structure-activity studies of human sterol carrier protein 2.
Purification and molecular cloning of a novel essential component of the apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme-complex.
Retinoic acid receptors are required for skeletal growth, matrix homeostasis and growth plate function in postnatal mouse.
Identification of a novel c-Myc protein interactor, JPO2, with transforming activity in medulloblastoma cells.
CENP-A is phosphorylated by Aurora B kinase and plays an unexpected role in completion of cytokinesis.
The MIT domain of UBPY constitutes a CHMP binding and endosomal localization signal required for efficient epidermal growth factor receptor degradation.
Ligation of CD8alpha on human natural killer cells prevents activation-induced apoptosis and enhances cytolytic activity.
Structure and heterologous expression of a gene encoding fructose-6-phosphate,2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Acid-sensing ion channel 1 is localized in brain regions with high synaptic density and contributes to fear conditioning.
The polyhomeotic gene of Drosophila encodes a chromatin protein that shares polytene chromosome-binding sites with Polycomb.
Autophagic clearance of polyQ proteins mediated by ubiquitin-Atg8 adaptors of the conserved CUET protein family.
Adherens junctions and beta-catenin-mediated cell signalling in a non-metazoan organism.
Melanoma antigen gene protein MAGE-11 regulates androgen receptor function by modulating the interdomain interaction.
Evidence that the KIR2DS5 gene codes for a surface receptor triggering natural killer cell function.
Estrogen signaling characteristics of Atlantic croaker G protein-coupled receptor 30 (GPR30) and evidence it is involved in maintenance of oocyte meiotic arrest.
Phosphorylation of RanGAP1 stabilizes its interaction with Ran and RanBP1.
Acyl coenzyme A dependent retinol esterification by acyl coenzyme A: diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1.
Regulation of Cdc2p and Cdc13p is required for cell cycle arrest induced by defective RNA splicing in fission yeast.
TRAM couples endocytosis of Toll-like receptor 4 to the induction of interferon-beta.
Cutting edge: CD43 functions as a T cell counterreceptor for the macrophage adhesion receptor sialoadhesin (Siglec-1).
Identification of receptors and signaling pathways for orphan bone morphogenetic protein/growth differentiation factor ligands based on genomic analyses.
Proteomic identification of caldesmon as a physiological substrate of proprotein convertase 6 in human uterine decidual cells essential for pregnancy establishment.
A mutational analysis reveals new functional interactions between domains of the Oxa1 protein in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Ribosomal protein L5 and L11 mutations are associated with cleft palate and abnormal thumbs in Diamond-Blackfan anemia patients.
COP9 signalosome-specific phosphorylation targets p53 to degradation by the ubiquitin system.
SKAR links pre-mRNA splicing to mTOR/S6K1-mediated enhanced translation efficiency of spliced mRNAs.
Cytopathogenic and noncytopathogenic RNA replicons of classical swine fever virus.
Cloning and expression of a novel UDP-GlcNAc:alpha-D-mannoside beta1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase homologous to UDP-GlcNAc:alpha-3-D-mannoside beta1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I.
Cloning of human thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) and signaling mechanisms leading to proliferation.
The mCpG-binding domain of human MBD3 does not bind to mCpG but interacts with NuRD/Mi2 components HDAC1 and MTA2.
Cloning of a human cDNA encoding a novel enzyme involved in the elongation of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
A novel subtype of class II alcohol dehydrogenase in rodents. Unique Pro(47) and Ser(182) modulates hydride transfer in the mouse enzyme.
Reconstitution reveals the functional core of mammalian eIF3.
Lipin 1 is an inducible amplifier of the hepatic PGC-1alpha/PPARalpha regulatory pathway.
KNL-1 directs assembly of the microtubule-binding interface of the kinetochore in C. elegans.
Identification and characterization of a novel cytokine-inducible nuclear protein from human endothelial cells.
C1-TEN is a negative regulator of the Akt/PKB signal transduction pathway and inhibits cell survival, proliferation, and migration.
Suppression of TH17 differentiation and autoimmunity by a synthetic ROR ligand.
Human cervical tumor cell (SiHa) surface alphavbeta3 integrin receptor has associated matrix metalloproteinase (MMP-2) activity.
The mammalian Mog1 protein is a guanine nucleotide release factor for Ran.
cAMP receptor affinity controls wave dynamics, geometry and morphogenesis in Dictyostelium.
Increased apoptosis induction by 121F mutant p53.
Molecular cloning of a human, hemicholinium-3-sensitive choline transporter.
UBE2O negatively regulates TRAF6-mediated NF-κB activation by inhibiting TRAF6 polyubiquitination.
A novel bifunctional phospholipase c that is regulated by Galpha 12 and stimulates the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
A novel Bcl-x isoform connected to the T cell receptor regulates apoptosis in T cells.
Cloning and sequencing of the 7 alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase gene from Escherichia coli HB101 and characterization of the expressed enzyme.
Duet is a novel serine/threonine kinase with Dbl-Homology (DH) and Pleckstrin-Homology (PH) domains.
Groucho is required for Drosophila neurogenesis, segmentation, and sex determination and interacts directly with hairy-related bHLH proteins.
An unconventional myosin heavy chain gene from Drosophila melanogaster.
Crystal structure and acyl chain selectivity of Escherichia coli LpxD, the N-acyltransferase of lipid A biosynthesis.
Selectivity in ISG15 and ubiquitin recognition by the SARS coronavirus papain-like protease.
Direct binding of TReP-132 with TdT results in reduction of TdT activity.
Overexpression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1a in mouse adipose tissue produces adipocyte hypertrophy, increased fatty acid secretion, and fatty liver.
Interaction of human 15-lipoxygenase-1 with phosphatidylinositol bisphosphates results in increased enzyme activity.
Regulation of transcription by AMP-activated protein kinase: phosphorylation of p300 blocks its interaction with nuclear receptors.
Molecular and biological characterization of a murine ligand for CD40.
Architecture and assembly of mammalian H/ACA small nucleolar and telomerase ribonucleoproteins.
PHF6 regulates cell cycle progression by suppressing ribosomal RNA synthesis.
CD36 is a sensor of diacylglycerides.
Src-like adaptor protein down-regulates T cell receptor (TCR)-CD3 expression by targeting TCRzeta for degradation.
The expanded family of class II cytokines that share the IL-10 receptor-2 (IL-10R2) chain.
Noncanonical regulation of alkylation damage resistance by the OTUD4 deubiquitinase.
Mutations in an RNP1 consensus sequence of Rho protein reduce RNA binding affinity but facilitate helicase turnover.
Death receptor 6 negatively regulates oligodendrocyte survival, maturation and myelination.
Cloning and characterization of PHIP, a novel insulin receptor substrate-1 pleckstrin homology domain interacting protein.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme is a GPI-anchored protein releasing factor crucial for fertilization.
The Rift Valley fever accessory proteins NSm and P78/NSm-GN are distinct determinants of virus propagation in vertebrate and invertebrate hosts.
An antagonist-insensitive P2X receptor expressed in epithelia and brain.
The evolutionally conserved activity of Dapper2 in antagonizing TGF-beta signaling.
Essential 110Cys in active site of membrane-associated prostaglandin E synthase-2.
SGR2, a phospholipase-like protein, and ZIG/SGR4, a SNARE, are involved in the shoot gravitropism of Arabidopsis.
Caenorhabditis elegans ras gene let-60 acts as a switch in the pathway of vulval induction.
Recombinant human extracellular matrix protein 1 inhibits alkaline phosphatase activity and mineralization of mouse embryonic metatarsals in vitro.
Uromodulin facilitates neutrophil migration across renal epithelial monolayers.
IL-12 synergizes with IL-18 or IL-1beta for IFN-gamma production from human T cells.
Dephosphorylation of the small heat shock protein hsp25 by calcium/calmodulin-dependent (type 2B) protein phosphatase.
A mammalian ortholog of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Vac14 that associates with and up-regulates PIKfyve phosphoinositide 5-kinase activity.
LDL receptor-related protein internalizes and degrades uPA-PAI-1 complexes and is essential for embryo implantation.
The Siva-1 putative amphipathic helical region (SAH) is sufficient to bind to BCL-XL and sensitize cells to UV radiation induced apoptosis.
LIM domains-containing protein 1 (LIMD1), a tumor suppressor encoded at chromosome 3p21.3, binds pRB and represses E2F-driven transcription.
Atlastin GTPases are required for Golgi apparatus and ER morphogenesis.
The AAA ATPase Cdc48/p97 and its partners transport proteins from the ER into the cytosol.
AID is required to initiate Nbs1/gamma-H2AX focus formation and mutations at sites of class switching.
A human DNA editing enzyme homologous to the Escherichia coli DnaQ/MutD protein.
The 3' to 5' exonuclease activity located in the DNA polymerase delta subunit of Saccharomyces cerevisiae is required for accurate replication.
Distinct HP1 and Su(var)3-9 complexes bind to sets of developmentally coexpressed genes depending on chromosomal location.
The major vault protein is a novel substrate for the tyrosine phosphatase SHP-2 and scaffold protein in epidermal growth factor signaling.
Human JIK, a novel member of the STE20 kinase family that inhibits JNK and is negatively regulated by epidermal growth factor.
Identification of a cell protein (FIP-3) as a modulator of NF-kappaB activity and as a target of an adenovirus inhibitor of tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced apoptosis.
Regulation of N-WASP and the Arp2/3 complex by Abp1 controls neuronal morphology.
The growth factor SVH-1 regulates axon regeneration in C. elegans via the JNK MAPK cascade.
Identification of SNAREs involved in synaptotagmin VII-regulated lysosomal exocytosis.
Isolation and characterization of a transcriptional cofactor and its novel isoform that bind the deoxyribonucleic acid-binding domain of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma.
Associating protein activities with their genes: rapid identification of a gene encoding a methylglyoxal reductase in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The phage abortive infection system, ToxIN, functions as a protein-RNA toxin-antitoxin pair.
Ubiquitination of Keap1, a BTB-Kelch substrate adaptor protein for Cul3, targets Keap1 for degradation by a proteasome-independent pathway.
The prodrug activator EtaA from Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase.
Biochemical analyses of human IST1 and its function in cytokinesis.
Conformational flexibility underlies ubiquitin ligation mediated by the WWP1 HECT domain E3 ligase.
NOX5 NAD(P)H oxidase regulates growth and apoptosis in DU 145 prostate cancer cells.
Crag regulates epithelial architecture and polarized deposition of basement membrane proteins in Drosophila.
PICK1 regulates incorporation of calcium-permeable AMPA receptors during cortical synaptic strengthening.
Anabolic function of phenylalanine hydroxylase in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Arabidopsis ACBP3 is an extracellularly targeted acyl-CoA-binding protein.
Mutations in the human SIX3 gene in holoprosencephaly are loss of function.
Serotonin transamidates Rab4 and facilitates its binding to the C terminus of serotonin transporter.
Cdk5 regulates EphA4-mediated dendritic spine retraction through an ephexin1-dependent mechanism.
All three PACSIN isoforms bind to endocytic proteins and inhibit endocytosis.
Integrins modulate the infection efficiency of West Nile virus into cells.
Expression in hematological malignancies of a glucocorticoid receptor splice variant that augments glucocorticoid receptor-mediated effects in transfected cells.
Evidence for a partial redundancy of the fibronectin-binding proteins for the transfer of mycoloyl residues onto the cell wall arabinogalactan termini of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Structural basis for substrate fatty acyl chain specificity: crystal structure of human very-long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase.
The primary structure of human dopamine-beta-hydroxylase: insights into the relationship between the soluble and the membrane-bound forms of the enzyme.
The Trim39 ubiquitin ligase inhibits APC/CCdh1-mediated degradation of the Bax activator MOAP-1.
The RNA-binding protein Sam68 modulates the alternative splicing of Bcl-x.
Shoot apical meristem and cotyledon formation during Arabidopsis embryogenesis: interaction among the CUP-SHAPED COTYLEDON and SHOOT MERISTEMLESS genes.
Novel gyrase mutations in quinolone-resistant and -hypersusceptible clinical isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: functional analysis of mutant enzymes.
Tyrosine phosphatase beta regulates angiopoietin-Tie2 signaling in human endothelial cells.
Role of the RAM network in cell polarity and hyphal morphogenesis in Candida albicans.
Homing of a DNA endonuclease gene by meiotic gene conversion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Structural insights into the mechanism of abscisic acid signaling by PYL proteins.
AFF-1, a FOS-1-regulated fusogen, mediates fusion of the anchor cell in C. elegans.
Membrane sorting of toll-like receptor (TLR)-2/6 and TLR2/1 heterodimers at the cell surface determines heterotypic associations with CD36 and intracellular targeting.
Characterisation of a plant 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1 homologue which contains a pleckstrin homology domain.
Ahi1, whose human ortholog is mutated in Joubert syndrome, is required for Rab8a localization, ciliogenesis and vesicle trafficking.
A role for a rat homolog of staufen in the transport of RNA to neuronal dendrites.
Livin promotes Smac/DIABLO degradation by ubiquitin-proteasome pathway.
Autophagic cell death of pancreatic acinar cells in serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 3-deficient mice.
PlexinD1 and semaphorin signaling are required in endothelial cells for cardiovascular development.
Cleavage of members of the synaptobrevin/VAMP family by types D and F botulinal neurotoxins and tetanus toxin.
Increased expression of intranuclear AChE involved in apoptosis of SK-N-SH cells.
Ragulator is a GEF for the rag GTPases that signal amino acid levels to mTORC1.
Phospholipid hydroperoxides are substrates for non-selenium glutathione peroxidase.
Enhanced CD4+ T cell proliferation and Th2 cytokine production in DR6-deficient mice.
Mutations in genes encoding condensin complex proteins cause microcephaly through decatenation failure at mitosis.
Kif5B and Kifc1 interact and are required for motility and fission of early endocytic vesicles in mouse liver.
The molecular basis for perforin oligomerization and transmembrane pore assembly.
An antiviral response directed by PKR phosphorylation of the RNA helicase A.
CCR4, a 3'-5' poly(A) RNA and ssDNA exonuclease, is the catalytic component of the cytoplasmic deadenylase.
Inhibition of the expression of lysyl oxidase and its substrates in cadmium-resistant rat fetal lung fibroblasts.
Requirement of MADS domain transcription factor D-MEF2 for muscle formation in Drosophila.
PR-Set7 is a nucleosome-specific methyltransferase that modifies lysine 20 of histone H4 and is associated with silent chromatin.
The cytoplasmic sequence of E-cadherin promotes non-amyloidogenic degradation of A beta precursors.
Activation of the lectin complement pathway by H-ficolin (Hakata antigen).
Transient receptor potential family members PKD1L3 and PKD2L1 form a candidate sour taste receptor.
A novel NADPH:diamide oxidoreductase activity in arabidopsis thaliana P1 zeta-crystallin.
Mechanism of poly(A) polymerase: structure of the enzyme-MgATP-RNA ternary complex and kinetic analysis.
The smad5 mutation somitabun blocks Bmp2b signaling during early dorsoventral patterning of the zebrafish embryo.
Identification of two novel TAF subunits of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae TFIID complex.
A second human antiretroviral factor, APOBEC3F, is suppressed by the HIV-1 and HIV-2 Vif proteins.
Caspase-mediated cleavage of Beclin-1 inactivates Beclin-1-induced autophagy and enhances apoptosis by promoting the release of proapoptotic factors from mitochondria.
Edg-1, the G protein-coupled receptor for sphingosine-1-phosphate, is essential for vascular maturation.
E3 ligase RFWD3 participates in replication checkpoint control.
A C-terminal lobe of the beta subunit of Na,K-ATPase and H,K-ATPase resembles cell adhesion molecules.
Protein methyltransferase 2 inhibits NF-kappaB function and promotes apoptosis.
FLASH interacts with p160 coactivator subtypes and differentially suppresses transcriptional activity of steroid hormone receptors.
The transmembrane protein TMEM16A is required for normal development of the murine trachea.
Eomesodermin is required for mouse trophoblast development and mesoderm formation.
Characterization of novel SF3b and 17S U2 snRNP proteins, including a human Prp5p homologue and an SF3b DEAD-box protein.
Ubiquitination independent of E1 and E2 enzymes by bacterial effectors.
Aprataxin, a novel protein that protects against genotoxic stress.
Protein kinase CK1 is a p53-threonine 18 kinase which requires prior phosphorylation of serine 15.
Nef-induced major histocompatibility complex class I down-regulation is functionally dissociated from its virion incorporation, enhancement of viral infectivity, and CD4 down-regulation.
Tim50a, a nuclear isoform of the mitochondrial Tim50, interacts with proteins involved in snRNP biogenesis.
WIPI2 links LC3 conjugation with PI3P, autophagosome formation, and pathogen clearance by recruiting Atg12-5-16L1.
CARMIL2 is a novel molecular connection between vimentin and actin essential for cell migration and invadopodia formation.
The kunitz domain protein BLI-5 plays a functionally conserved role in cuticle formation in a diverse range of nematodes.
The mitochondrial oxidase assembly protein1 (Oxa1) insertase forms a membrane pore in lipid bilayers.
ARAP3 is transiently tyrosine phosphorylated in cells attaching to fibronectin and inhibits cell spreading in a RhoGAP-dependent manner.
Role of the molybdoflavoenzyme aldehyde oxidase homolog 2 in the biosynthesis of retinoic acid: generation and characterization of a knockout mouse.
MANF: a new mesencephalic, astrocyte-derived neurotrophic factor with selectivity for dopaminergic neurons.
Characterization of the interactions of human ZIC3 mutants with GLI3.
Paralysis and killing of Caenorhabditis elegans by enteropathogenic Escherichia coli requires the bacterial tryptophanase gene.
Negative regulation of phagocytosis in murine macrophages by the Src kinase family member, Fgr.
Crystal structure of mannanase 26A from Pseudomonas cellulosa and analysis of residues involved in substrate binding.
MES-1, a protein required for unequal divisions of the germline in early C. elegans embryos, resembles receptor tyrosine kinases and is localized to the boundary between the germline and gut cells.
The 2 micron plasmid purloins the yeast cohesin complex: a mechanism for coupling plasmid partitioning and chromosome segregation?
Mutational analysis of immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibition motifs of the Ig-like transcript 2 (CD85j) leukocyte receptor.
Protease nexin-1 inhibits plasminogen activation-induced apoptosis of adherent cells.
Splicing switch of an epigenetic regulator by RNA helicases promotes tumor-cell invasiveness.
Drosophila Futsch regulates synaptic microtubule organization and is necessary for synaptic growth.
Clathrin is required for the function of the mitotic spindle.
Structure of a topoisomerase II-DNA-nucleotide complex reveals a new control mechanism for ATPase activity.
Molecular identification of a renal urate anion exchanger that regulates blood urate levels.
Inhibition of EphA7 up-regulation after spinal cord injury reduces apoptosis and promotes locomotor recovery.
The dihydroxyacetone kinase of Escherichia coli utilizes a phosphoprotein instead of ATP as phosphoryl donor.
Chtop is a component of the dynamic TREX mRNA export complex.
The specificity of the yeast and human class I ER alpha 1,2-mannosidases involved in ER quality control is not as strict previously reported.
UCP1 ablation induces obesity and abolishes diet-induced thermogenesis in mice exempt from thermal stress by living at thermoneutrality.
Human IL2RA null mutation mediates immunodeficiency with lymphoproliferation and autoimmunity.
Influence of mutations associated with Gilbert and Crigler-Najjar type II syndromes on the glucuronidation kinetics of bilirubin and other UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1A substrates.
Transient ciliogenesis involving Bardet-Biedl syndrome proteins is a fundamental characteristic of adipogenic differentiation.
Platelet-derived endothelial cell growth factor has thymidine phosphorylase activity.
Cloning of cDNA for natural killer cell stimulatory factor, a heterodimeric cytokine with multiple biologic effects on T and natural killer cells.
The use of dioxygen by HIF prolyl hydroxylase (PHD1).
Isolation and characterization of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe rad3 gene, involved in the DNA damage and DNA synthesis checkpoints.
Histone acetyltransferase HBO1 interacts with the ORC1 subunit of the human initiator protein.
The atypical cadherin fat directly regulates mitochondrial function and metabolic state.
C. elegans EGL-9 and mammalian homologs define a family of dioxygenases that regulate HIF by prolyl hydroxylation.
Progesterone induced blocking factor (PIBF) mediates progesterone induced suppression of decidual lymphocyte cytotoxicity.
Identification of a ferrireductase required for efficient transferrin-dependent iron uptake in erythroid cells.
Cloning of a novel phosphatidylinositol kinase-related kinase: characterization of the human SMG-1 RNA surveillance protein.
Neutralization of gating charges in domain II of the sodium channel alpha subunit enhances voltage-sensor trapping by a beta-scorpion toxin.
Functional variant of CYP4A11 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid synthase is associated with essential hypertension.
Or83b encodes a broadly expressed odorant receptor essential for Drosophila olfaction.
Raf-1 promotes cell survival by antagonizing apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 through a MEK-ERK independent mechanism.
Histidine-rich glycoprotein binds factor XIIa with high affinity and inhibits contact-initiated coagulation.
A mouse model of human familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia and neonatal severe hyperparathyroidism.
A conserved glutamate controls the commitment to acyl-adenylate formation in asparagine synthetase.
Synergistic function of E2F7 and E2F8 is essential for cell survival and embryonic development.
The adaptor molecule Disabled-2 links the transforming growth factor beta receptors to the Smad pathway.
E2-EPF UCP targets pVHL for degradation and associates with tumor growth and metastasis.
MUS81 encodes a novel helix-hairpin-helix protein involved in the response to UV- and methylation-induced DNA damage in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The SMC-5/6 Complex and the HIM-6 (BLM) Helicase Synergistically Promote Meiotic Recombination Intermediate Processing and Chromosome Maturation during Caenorhabditis elegans Meiosis.
PTHrP promotes colon cancer cell migration and invasion in an integrin α6β4-dependent manner through activation of Rac1.
Identification of two serine residues involved in agonist activation of the beta-adrenergic receptor.
Genomic organization, coding sequence and functional expression of human 5-HT2 and 5-HT1A receptor genes.
Two mouse piwi-related genes: miwi and mili.
The yeast pheromone-responsive G alpha protein stimulates recovery from chronic pheromone treatment by two mechanisms that are activated at distinct levels of stimulus.
Arabidopsis KAM2/GRV2 is required for proper endosome formation and functions in vacuolar sorting and determination of the embryo growth axis.
A signal peptide derived from hsp60 binds HLA-E and interferes with CD94/NKG2A recognition.
Molecular cloning of murine STAP-1, the stem-cell-specific adaptor protein containing PH and SH2 domains.
The ERBB4/HER4 receptor tyrosine kinase regulates gene expression by functioning as a STAT5A nuclear chaperone.
RACK1 regulates integrin-mediated adhesion, protrusion, and chemotactic cell migration via its Src-binding site.
BLOC-1 is required for cargo-specific sorting from vacuolar early endosomes toward lysosome-related organelles.
Role of phosphodiesterase 2 in growth and invasion of human malignant melanoma cells.
A common RNA recognition motif identified within a defined U1 RNA binding domain of the 70K U1 snRNP protein.
Myotubularin, a protein tyrosine phosphatase mutated in myotubular myopathy, dephosphorylates the lipid second messenger, phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate.
Essential role of the 58-kDa microspherule protein in the modulation of Daxx-dependent transcriptional repression as revealed by nucleolar sequestration.
ALS3 and ALS8 represent a single locus that encodes a Candida albicans adhesin; functional comparisons between Als3p and Als1p.
Requirement of hCenexin for proper mitotic functions of polo-like kinase 1 at the centrosomes.
Selective induction of CCL18/PARC by staphylococcal enterotoxins in mononuclear cells and enhanced levels in septic and rheumatoid arthritis.
Heteromeric interactions required for abundance and subcellular localization of human CDC50 proteins and class 1 P4-ATPases.
Identification of human MutY homolog (hMYH) as a repair enzyme for 2-hydroxyadenine in DNA and detection of multiple forms of hMYH located in nuclei and mitochondria.
Heterologous overexpression of glucose dehydrogenase from the halophilic archaeon Haloferax mediterranei, an enzyme of the medium chain dehydrogenase/reductase family.
The c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK)-binding protein (JNKBP1) acts as a negative regulator of NOD2 protein signaling by inhibiting its oligomerization process.
Different roles for abf1p and a T-rich promoter element in nucleosome organization of the yeast RPS28A gene.
Alternatively spliced products CC3 and TC3 have opposing effects on apoptosis.
The transmembrane mutation G380R in fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 uncouples ligand-mediated receptor activation from down-regulation.
FER kinase activation of Stat3 is determined by the N-terminal sequence.
Functions of the yeast meiotic recombination genes, MRE11 and MRE2.
A nuclear 3'-5' exonuclease involved in mRNA degradation interacts with Poly(A) polymerase and the hnRNA protein Npl3p.
Identification of a vertebrate sister-chromatid separation inhibitor involved in transformation and tumorigenesis.
RACK1 mediates multiple hormone responsiveness and developmental processes in Arabidopsis.
YY1 functions with INO80 to activate transcription.
BMP10 is essential for maintaining cardiac growth during murine cardiogenesis.
Purification of immunologically active recombinant 21.5 kDa isoform of human myelin basic protein.
A Milieu Molecule for TGF-β Required for Microglia Function in the Nervous System.
cDNA cloning and expression of a novel UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase.
Identification of amino acids in the tetratricopeptide repeat and C-terminal domains of protein phosphatase 5 involved in autoinhibition and lipid activation.
The cold-inducible RNA-binding protein migrates from the nucleus to cytoplasmic stress granules by a methylation-dependent mechanism and acts as a translational repressor.
Smad1 and Smad5 have distinct roles during dorsoventral patterning of the zebrafish embryo.
The chemokine SDF-1/CXCL12 binds to and signals through the orphan receptor RDC1 in T lymphocytes.
Post-translational regulation of mercaptopyruvate sulfurtransferase via a low redox potential cysteine-sulfenate in the maintenance of redox homeostasis.
Siderophore biosynthesis but not reductive iron assimilation is essential for Aspergillus fumigatus virulence.
Characterization of a direct oxygen sensor heme protein from Escherichia coli. Effects of the heme redox states and mutations at the heme-binding site on catalysis and structure.
Kinetic and structural studies of phosphodiesterase-8A and implication on the inhibitor selectivity.
Ephrin-B2 and EphB1 mediate retinal axon divergence at the optic chiasm.
Demonstration of the pathogenic effect of point mutated keratin 9 in vivo.
Conversion of D-ribulose 5-phosphate to D-xylulose 5-phosphate: new insights from structural and biochemical studies on human RPE.
Requirement for a peptidoglycan recognition protein (PGRP) in Relish activation and antibacterial immune responses in Drosophila.
The XPV (xeroderma pigmentosum variant) gene encodes human DNA polymerase eta.
Functional proteomics identifies targets of phosphorylation by B-Raf signaling in melanoma.
Inhibition of integrin-mediated cell adhesion but not directional cell migration requires catalytic activity of EphB3 receptor tyrosine kinase. Role of Rho family small GTPases.
Adenovirus-transduced human butyrylcholinesterase in mouse blood functions as a bioscavenger of chemical warfare nerve agents.
Induction of ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme by aggregated low density lipoprotein in human macrophages and its implications for atherosclerosis.
Screening for target Rabs of TBC (Tre-2/Bub2/Cdc16) domain-containing proteins based on their Rab-binding activity.
Pumilio 1 suppresses multiple activators of p53 to safeguard spermatogenesis.
Suppression of FOXO1 activity by FHL2 through SIRT1-mediated deacetylation.
Dynamics of Arabidopsis SUN proteins during mitosis and their involvement in nuclear shaping.
Molecular cloning and expression of a delta-opioid receptor from rat brain.
Mitotic phosphorylation of the Oct-1 homeodomain and regulation of Oct-1 DNA binding activity.
The signal sequence of ovalbumin is located near the NH2 terminus.
Human Nudel and NudE as regulators of cytoplasmic dynein in poleward protein transport along the mitotic spindle.
BCL-6 represses genes that function in lymphocyte differentiation, inflammation, and cell cycle control.
Molecular cloning of a plant N-acetylserotonin methyltransferase and its expression characteristics in rice.
An Arabidopsis thaliana cDNA complements the N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I deficiency of CHO Lec1 cells.
Holliday junction resolution in human cells: two junction endonucleases with distinct substrate specificities.
Growth arrest and DNA damage-inducible protein GADD34 targets protein phosphatase 1 alpha to the endoplasmic reticulum and promotes dephosphorylation of the alpha subunit of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2.
The Arabidopsis cax1 mutant exhibits impaired ion homeostasis, development, and hormonal responses and reveals interplay among vacuolar transporters.
Crystal structure of SCCA1 and insight about the interaction with JNK1.
Temperature-sensitive mutants of the exosome subunit Rrp43p show a deficiency in mRNA degradation and no longer interact with the exosome.
Cutting edge: CD46, a new costimulatory molecule for T cells, that induces p120CBL and LAT phosphorylation.
The role of the Arabidopsis ELD1 gene in cell development and photomorphogenesis in darkness.
Rho GTPases regulate PRK2/PKN2 to control entry into mitosis and exit from cytokinesis.
Reinvestigation of the catalytic mechanism of formyl-CoA transferase, a class III CoA-transferase.
The ERM proteins interact with the HOPS complex to regulate the maturation of endosomes.
Hormad1 mutation disrupts synaptonemal complex formation, recombination, and chromosome segregation in mammalian meiosis.
Arf6 guanine nucleotide exchange factor cytohesin-2 binds to CCDC120 and is transported along neurites to mediate neurite growth.
Fezl is required for the birth and specification of corticospinal motor neurons.
The sterol modifying enzyme LET-767 is essential for growth, reproduction and development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The absence of histone H2B monoubiquitination in the Arabidopsis hub1 (rdo4) mutant reveals a role for chromatin remodeling in seed dormancy.
Cilia born out of shock and stress.
ATP13A2 mutations impair mitochondrial function in fibroblasts from patients with Kufor-Rakeb syndrome.
The tumor suppressor gene HIC1 (hypermethylated in cancer 1) is a sequence-specific transcriptional repressor: definition of its consensus binding sequence and analysis of its DNA binding and repressive properties.
MTABC3, a novel mitochondrial ATP-binding cassette protein involved in iron homeostasis.
Vesicle-associated membrane protein 2 plays a specific role in the insulin-dependent trafficking of the facilitative glucose transporter GLUT4 in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Structure of the TRAIL-DR5 complex reveals mechanisms conferring specificity in apoptotic initiation.
Molecular mechanisms underlying the differential expression of maize pyruvate, orthophosphate dikinase genes.
ADAMTS-12 associates with and degrades cartilage oligomeric matrix protein.
Mutated in colorectal cancer, a putative tumor suppressor for serrated colorectal cancer, selectively represses beta-catenin-dependent transcription.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human class I histone deacetylase that functions as a transcription repressor.
MicroRNA408 is critical for the HY5-SPL7 gene network that mediates the coordinated response to light and copper.
The MLK family mediates c-Jun N-terminal kinase activation in neuronal apoptosis.
Characterization of plant p23-like proteins for their co-chaperone activities.
Human xylosyltransferase II is involved in the biosynthesis of the uniform tetrasaccharide linkage region in chondroitin sulfate and heparan sulfate proteoglycans.
Mutations in the gene encoding lamin A/C cause autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy.
Ciliary and centrosomal defects associated with mutation and depletion of the Meckel syndrome genes MKS1 and MKS3.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae RAI1 (YGL246c) is homologous to human DOM3Z and encodes a protein that binds the nuclear exoribonuclease Rat1p.
Oxygen-dependent expression of cytochrome c oxidase subunit 4-2 gene expression is mediated by transcription factors RBPJ, CXXC5 and CHCHD2.
Establishment of the dorsal-ventral axis in Xenopus embryos coincides with the dorsal enrichment of dishevelled that is dependent on cortical rotation.
CDK-5 regulates the abundance of GLR-1 glutamate receptors in the ventral cord of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Mutations in antiquitin in individuals with pyridoxine-dependent seizures.
Characterization of a novel WHSC1-associated SET domain protein with H3K4 and H3K27 methyltransferase activity.
Rab11-FIP2, an adaptor protein connecting cellular components involved in internalization and recycling of epidermal growth factor receptors.
SAK/PLK4 is required for centriole duplication and flagella development.
Characterization and analysis of posttranslational modifications of the human large cytoplasmic ribosomal subunit proteins by mass spectrometry and Edman sequencing.
The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 3a protein up-regulates expression of fibrinogen in lung epithelial cells.
Autoregulation of yeast pyruvate decarboxylase gene expression requires the enzyme but not its catalytic activity.
Unraveling the difference between invertases and fructan exohydrolases: a single amino acid (Asp-239) substitution transforms Arabidopsis cell wall invertase1 into a fructan 1-exohydrolase.
The fourth molybdenum containing enzyme mARC: cloning and involvement in the activation of N-hydroxylated prodrugs.
The MEKK1-MKK1/MKK2-MPK4 kinase cascade negatively regulates immunity mediated by a mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase in Arabidopsis.
Regulation of G0 entry by the Pho80-Pho85 cyclin-CDK complex.
Crucial role of copper in detection of metal-coordinating odorants.
Alkyl hydroperoxide reductase is the primary scavenger of endogenous hydrogen peroxide in Escherichia coli.
The antithrombotic effect of angiotensin-(1-7) involves mas-mediated NO release from platelets.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a human mitochondrial ceramidase.
Determinants of vascular permeability in the kidney glomerulus.
The myeloid-specific sialic acid-binding receptor, CD33, associates with the protein-tyrosine phosphatases, SHP-1 and SHP-2.
Bone marrow stromal cell antigen 2 is a specific marker of type I IFN-producing cells in the naive mouse, but a promiscuous cell surface antigen following IFN stimulation.
Activation function-1 domain of androgen receptor contributes to the interaction between subnuclear splicing factor compartment and nuclear receptor compartment. Identification of the p102 U5 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particle-binding protein as a coactivator for the receptor.
A bromodomain protein, MCAP, associates with mitotic chromosomes and affects G(2)-to-M transition.
Synaptotagmin VII regulates Ca(2+)-dependent exocytosis of lysosomes in fibroblasts.
Wingless secretion promotes and requires retromer-dependent cycling of Wntless.
The Trithorax group protein Lid is a trimethyl histone H3K4 demethylase required for dMyc-induced cell growth.
Distinct poly(rC) binding protein KH domain determinants for poliovirus translation initiation and viral RNA replication.
SHIP's C-terminus is essential for its hydrolysis of PIP3 and inhibition of mast cell degranulation.
Bi-allelic Alterations in AEBP1 Lead to Defective Collagen Assembly and Connective Tissue Structure Resulting in a Variant of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
Characterization of chondroitin sulfate lyase ABC from Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron WAL2926.
Regulation of myosin phosphatase by a specific interaction with cGMP- dependent protein kinase Ialpha.
Structural analysis of the mechanism of adenovirus binding to its human cellular receptor, CAR.
Epithelial junction formation requires confinement of Cdc42 activity by a novel SH3BP1 complex.
Methyl-H3K9-binding protein MPP8 mediates E-cadherin gene silencing and promotes tumour cell motility and invasion.
Manipulation of oxidative protein folding and PDI redox state in mammalian cells.
Bcl-xL induces Drp1-dependent synapse formation in cultured hippocampal neurons.
Axon regeneration requires coordinate activation of p38 and JNK MAPK pathways.
Dehalogenation of 4-chlorobenzoate. Characterisation of 4-chlorobenzoyl-coenzyme A dehalogenase from Pseudomonas sp. CBS3.
Generation of phytate-free seeds in Arabidopsis through disruption of inositol polyphosphate kinases.
The semaphorin 4D-plexin-B signalling complex regulates dendritic and axonal complexity in developing neurons via diverse pathways.
The kinase haspin is required for mitotic histone H3 Thr 3 phosphorylation and normal metaphase chromosome alignment.
Clinical and genetic findings in Hungarian patients with X-linked juvenile retinoschisis.
Structural insight into human variegate porphyria disease.
The orphan nuclear receptor Rev-erbalpha recruits the N-CoR/histone deacetylase 3 corepressor to regulate the circadian Bmal1 gene.
Induced adiposity and adipocyte hypertrophy in mice lacking the AMP-activated protein kinase-alpha2 subunit.
The adaptor protein fish associates with members of the ADAMs family and localizes to podosomes of Src-transformed cells.
Evolutionarily conserved nuclear migration genes required for early embryonic development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Matriptase-2, a membrane-bound mosaic serine proteinase predominantly expressed in human liver and showing degrading activity against extracellular matrix proteins.
Disruption of scribble (Scrb1) causes severe neural tube defects in the circletail mouse.
Myotilin, the limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 1A (LGMD1A) protein, cross-links actin filaments and controls sarcomere assembly.
Ykt6 forms a SNARE complex with syntaxin 5, GS28, and Bet1 and participates in a late stage in endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi transport.
Identification of a serotonin/glutamate receptor complex implicated in psychosis.
Identification of a deubiquitinating enzyme subfamily as substrates of the von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor.
The zebrafish T-box genes no tail and spadetail are required for development of trunk and tail mesoderm and medial floor plate.
SED1/MFG-E8: a bi-motif protein that orchestrates diverse cellular interactions.
Crystal structure of human wildtype and S581L-mutant glycyl-tRNA synthetase, an enzyme underlying distal spinal muscular atrophy.
Identification of a novel aspartic protease (Asp 2) as beta-secretase.
The effect of variation in expression of the candidate dyslexia susceptibility gene homolog Kiaa0319 on neuronal migration and dendritic morphology in the rat.
Characterization of four mammalian 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratases involved in very long-chain fatty acid synthesis.
Arabidopsis ENDO2: its catalytic role and requirement of N-glycosylation for function.
The B cell-specific major raft protein, Raftlin, is necessary for the integrity of lipid raft and BCR signal transduction.
Pigment epithelium-derived factor behaves like a noninhibitory serpin. Neurotrophic activity does not require the serpin reactive loop.
Structural Basis for the Discriminative Recognition of N6-Methyladenosine RNA by the Human YT521-B Homology Domain Family of Proteins.
Expression level of sarah, a homolog of DSCR1, is critical for ovulation and female courtship behavior in Drosophila melanogaster.
T-cell protein tyrosine phosphatase, distinctively expressed in activated-B-cell-like diffuse large B-cell lymphomas, is the nuclear phosphatase of STAT6.
Effect of torsinA on membrane proteins reveals a loss of function and a dominant-negative phenotype of the dystonia-associated DeltaE-torsinA mutant.
The secreted aspartyl proteinases Sap1 and Sap2 cause tissue damage in an in vitro model of vaginal candidiasis based on reconstituted human vaginal epithelium.
Expression of huntingtin-associated protein-1 in neuronal cells implicates a role in neuritic growth.
Swapping FAD binding motifs between plastidic and bacterial ferredoxin-NADP(H) reductases.
A glutamine switch mechanism for nucleotide selectivity by phosphodiesterases.
Luman/CREB3 induces transcription of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response protein Herp through an ER stress response element.
A novel protein, Luman/CREB3 recruitment factor, inhibits Luman activation of the unfolded protein response.
Topographic organization of embryonic motor neurons defined by expression of LIM homeobox genes.
A proprotein convertase/MMP-14 proteolytic cascade releases a novel 40 kDa vasculostatin from tumor suppressor BAI1.
The ESAT-6 protein of Mycobacterium tuberculosis interacts with beta-2-microglobulin (β2M) affecting antigen presentation function of macrophage.
RhoJ is an endothelial cell-restricted Rho GTPase that mediates vascular morphogenesis and is regulated by the transcription factor ERG.
The ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme UBCH7 acts as a coactivator for steroid hormone receptors.
Rab6 mediates membrane organization and determinant localization during Drosophila oogenesis.
Molecular identification of cytosolic prostaglandin E2 synthase that is functionally coupled with cyclooxygenase-1 in immediate prostaglandin E2 biosynthesis.
Proteolytic processing of big endothelin-3 by the kell blood group protein.
Molecular characterization of lantibiotic-synthesizing enzyme EpiD reveals a function for bacterial Dfp proteins in coenzyme A biosynthesis.
Endoglin, an ancillary TGFbeta receptor, is required for extraembryonic angiogenesis and plays a key role in heart development.
Dynamic association between the catalytic and lectin domains of human UDP-GalNAc:polypeptide alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase-2.
The LAMMER protein kinase encoded by the Doa locus of Drosophila is required in both somatic and germline cells and is expressed as both nuclear and cytoplasmic isoforms throughout development.
TI-VAMP/VAMP7 is required for optimal phagocytosis of opsonised particles in macrophages.
Genetic analysis of lysosomal trafficking in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Characterization of F-pilin as an inner membrane component of Escherichia coli K12.
Enhanced cell cycle progression and down regulation of p21(Cip1/Waf1) by PRL tyrosine phosphatases.
A novel splice variant of the transcription factor Nrf1 interacts with the TNFalpha promoter and stimulates transcription.
Role of the ENTH domain in phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate binding and endocytosis.
Sensory thresholds and the antinociceptive effects of GABA receptor agonists in mice lacking the beta3 subunit of the GABA(A) receptor.
Beta-glucosidase, exo-beta-glucanase and pyridoxine transglucosylase activities of rice BGlu1.
Identification of Drosophila and human 7-methyl GMP-specific nucleotidases.
Metabolic stress reversibly activates the Drosophila light-sensitive channels TRP and TRPL in vivo.
Lys300 plays a major role in the catalytic mechanism of maize polyamine oxidase.
Ubiquitin-dependent intramembrane rhomboid protease promotes ERAD of membrane proteins.
Wengen, the sole tumour necrosis factor receptor in Drosophila, collaborates with moesin to control photoreceptor axon targeting during development.
A Nucleolar Protein, Ribosomal RNA Processing 1 Homolog B (RRP1B), Enhances the Recruitment of Cellular mRNA in Influenza Virus Transcription.
Structure of a class C GPCR metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 bound to an allosteric modulator.
Ammodytoxin, a neurotoxic secreted phospholipase A(2), can act in the cytosol of the nerve cell.
Hairy-related transcription factors inhibit GATA-dependent cardiac gene expression through a signal-responsive mechanism.
Receptor-independent activators of heterotrimeric G-protein signaling pathways.
Electroneutral ammonium transport by basolateral rhesus B glycoprotein.
CDKL5 belongs to the same molecular pathway of MeCP2 and it is responsible for the early-onset seizure variant of Rett syndrome.
Disruption of six unknown open reading frames from Saccharomyces cerevisiae reveals two genes involved in vacuolar morphogenesis and one gene required for sporulation.
Arxula adeninivorans xanthine oxidoreductase and its application in the production of food with low purine content.
Novel family of sensor histidine kinase genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Prp19 complex and the Usp4Sart3 deubiquitinating enzyme control reversible ubiquitination at the spliceosome.
Ethionamide activation and sensitivity in multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Dpbx, a new homeobox gene closely related to the human proto-oncogene pbx1 molecular structure and developmental expression.
Human TRPV4 channel splice variants revealed a key role of ankyrin domains in multimerization and trafficking.
The IL-1 family member 7b translocates to the nucleus and down-regulates proinflammatory cytokines.
The N-terminal acidic domain of heparin cofactor II mediates the inhibition of alpha-thrombin in the presence of glycosaminoglycans.
Bile salt-dependent efflux of cellular phospholipids mediated by ATP binding cassette protein B4.
SIP, a novel ankyrin repeat containing protein, sequesters steroid receptor coactivators in the cytoplasm.
The small nucleolar RNP protein NOP1 (fibrillarin) is required for pre-rRNA processing in yeast.
TTBK2 kinase substrate specificity and the impact of spinocerebellar-ataxia-causing mutations on expression, activity, localization and development.
T6BP, a TRAF6-interacting protein involved in IL-1 signaling.
Obscurin and KCTD6 regulate cullin-dependent small ankyrin-1 (sAnk1.5) protein turnover.
A role for ectophosphatase in xenobiotic resistance.
Identity of the polymorphisms for esterase D and S-formylglutathione hydrolase in red blood cells.
GTP cyclohydrolase and tetrahydrobiopterin regulate pain sensitivity and persistence.
RNA recognition by a Staufen double-stranded RNA-binding domain.
CSA-dependent degradation of CSB by the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway establishes a link between complementation factors of the Cockayne syndrome.
Ligand selectivity by seeking hydrophobicity in thyroid hormone receptor.
Cutting edge: Regulation of CD8(+) T cell proliferation by 2B4/CD48 interactions.
The zinc matrix metalloproteinase ZMP-2 increases survival of Caenorhabditis elegans through interference with lipoprotein absorption.
Rescue of rubella virus replication-defective mutants using vaccinia virus recombinant expressing rubella virus nonstructural proteins.
A role for NBR1 in autophagosomal degradation of ubiquitinated substrates.
Clinical, biochemical, and mutational spectrum of peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A oxidase deficiency.
Genetic control of programmed cell death in Drosophila.
A deubiquitinating activity is conserved in the large tegument protein of the herpesviridae.
Threonines 2638/2647 in DNA-PK are essential for cellular resistance to ionizing radiation.
Multi-tasking role of the mechanosensing protein Ankrd2 in the signaling network of striated muscle.
Coupling of DNA synthesis and histone synthesis in S phase independent of cyclin/cdk2 activity.
A novel TRPM2 isoform inhibits calcium influx and susceptibility to cell death.
Etk/Bmx as a tumor necrosis factor receptor type 2-specific kinase: role in endothelial cell migration and angiogenesis.
Use of infrared thermal imaging to isolate Arabidopsis mutants defective in stomatal regulation.
Mutations in DCHS1 cause mitral valve prolapse.
Regulation of transcription by the heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein E1B-AP5 is mediated by complex formation with the novel bromodomain-containing protein BRD7.
The tight junction protein JAM-A functions as coreceptor for rotavirus entry into MA104 cells.
Cyclin B and cyclin A confer different substrate recognition properties on CDK2.
An Ile to Met polymorphism in the catalytic domain of adenylyl cyclase type 9 confers reduced beta2-adrenergic receptor stimulation.
SPINDLIN1 promotes cancer cell proliferation through activation of WNT/TCF-4 signaling.
Regulation of vertebrate cellular Mg2+ homeostasis by TRPM7.
Purification, cloning, and functional expression of phenylalanine aminomutase: the first committed step in Taxol side-chain biosynthesis.
Tie1-Tie2 interactions mediate functional differences between angiopoietin ligands.
Evidence for the physiological role of a rhodanese-like protein for the biosynthesis of the molybdenum cofactor in humans.
T cell activation-induced CrkII binding to the Zap70 protein tyrosine kinase is mediated by Lck-dependent phosphorylation of Zap70 tyrosine 315.
Characterization of Escherichia coli MoeB and its involvement in the activation of molybdopterin synthase for the biosynthesis of the molybdenum cofactor.
Protein-disulfide isomerase (PDI) in FRTL5 cells. pH-dependent thyroglobulin/PDI interactions determine a novel PDI function in the post-endoplasmic reticulum of thyrocytes.
Hepatoma-derived growth factor binds DNA through the N-terminal PWWP domain.
The period of the circadian oscillator is primarily determined by the balance between casein kinase 1 and protein phosphatase 1.
Studies on structural and functional divergence among seven WhiB proteins of Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv.
SelR reverses Mical-mediated oxidation of actin to regulate F-actin dynamics.
Phosphorylation of the cell cycle inhibitor p21Cip1/WAF1 by Pim-1 kinase.
HIV Nef is secreted in exosomes and triggers apoptosis in bystander CD4+ T cells.
Semaphorin-4A, an activator for T-cell-mediated immunity, suppresses angiogenesis via Plexin-D1.
Hex is a transcriptional repressor that contributes to anterior identity and suppresses Spemann organiser function.
Serine-arginine (SR) protein-like factors that antagonize authentic SR proteins and regulate alternative splicing.
In vivo generation of an adenylylcyclase isoform with a half-molecule motif.
Biochemical characterization of CA IX, one of the most active carbonic anhydrase isozymes.
A temperature-sensitive adenylyl cyclase mutant of Dictyostelium.
Reconstitution of a core chromatin remodeling complex from SWI/SNF subunits.
Use of altered specificity mutants to probe a specific protein-protein interaction in differentiation: the GATA-1:FOG complex.
Insulin/insulin-like growth factor I hybrid receptors have different biological characteristics depending on the insulin receptor isoform involved.
Biochemical and morphogenic effects of the interaction between protein kinase C-epsilon and actin in vitro and in cultured NIH3T3 cells.
Effects of structure of Rho GTPase-activating protein DLC-1 on cell morphology and migration.
Isolation and characterization of a novel cDNA clone encoding a homeodomain that is developmentally regulated in the ventral forebrain.
Roles for C16-ceramide and sphingosine 1-phosphate in regulating hepatocyte apoptosis in response to tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
The mouse KRAB zinc-finger protein CHATO is required in embryonic-derived tissues to control yolk sac and placenta morphogenesis.
Jelleines: a family of antimicrobial peptides from the Royal Jelly of honeybees (Apis mellifera).
Aiolos transcription factor controls cell death in T cells by regulating Bcl-2 expression and its cellular localization.
Structural and mechanistic insights into guanylylation of RNA-splicing ligase RtcB joining RNA between 3'-terminal phosphate and 5'-OH.
N-linked glycosylation of CXCR4 masks coreceptor function for CCR5-dependent human immunodeficiency virus type 1 isolates.
14-3-3 proteins fine-tune plant nutrient metabolism.
Usher type 1G protein sans is a critical component of the tip-link complex, a structure controlling actin polymerization in stereocilia.
A novel LZAP-binding protein, NLBP, inhibits cell invasion.
Vascular leakage in severe dengue virus infections: a potential role for the nonstructural viral protein NS1 and complement.
5' phospholipid phosphatase SHIP-2 causes protein kinase B inactivation and cell cycle arrest in glioblastoma cells.
Arabidopsis RIN4 is a target of the type III virulence effector AvrRpt2 and modulates RPS2-mediated resistance.
Adenylation and exosome-mediated degradation of cotranscriptionally cleaved pre-messenger RNA in human cells.
PKC-theta is required for TCR-induced NF-kappaB activation in mature but not immature T lymphocytes.
Developmentally regulated expression of mouse HtrA3 and its role as an inhibitor of TGF-beta signaling.
Ankrd2/ARPP is a novel Akt2 specific substrate and regulates myogenic differentiation upon cellular exposure to H(2)O(2).
Systematic analysis of the protein interaction network for the human transcription machinery reveals the identity of the 7SK capping enzyme.
The 2-5A/RNase L/RNase L inhibitor (RLI) [correction of (RNI)] pathway regulates mitochondrial mRNAs stability in interferon alpha-treated H9 cells.
Arabidopsis SGS2 and SGS3 genes are required for posttranscriptional gene silencing and natural virus resistance.
Binding and cross-linking of tmRNA to ribosomal protein S1, on and off the Escherichia coli ribosome.
Evidence for interaction between human PRUNE and nm23-H1 NDPKinase.
Aminopeptidase N is a major receptor for the entero-pathogenic coronavirus TGEV.
Arabidopsis SHMT1, a serine hydroxymethyltransferase that functions in the photorespiratory pathway influences resistance to biotic and abiotic stress.
Tribbles coordinates mitosis and morphogenesis in Drosophila by regulating string/CDC25 proteolysis.
The novel human DNA helicase hFBH1 is an F-box protein.
Reconstitution and properties of the recombinant glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase/CP12/phosphoribulokinase supramolecular complex of Arabidopsis.
Further evidence for allelic heterogeneity in Hartnup disorder.
Negative regulation of phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate levels in early-to-late endosome conversion.
The diastrophic dysplasia gene encodes a novel sulfate transporter: positional cloning by fine-structure linkage disequilibrium mapping.
A NOD2-NALP1 complex mediates caspase-1-dependent IL-1beta secretion in response to Bacillus anthracis infection and muramyl dipeptide.
TUC-4b, a novel TUC family variant, regulates neurite outgrowth and associates with vesicles in the growth cone.
A defect in coenzyme Q biosynthesis is responsible for the respiratory deficiency in Saccharomyces cerevisiae abc1 mutants.
Frontline: Optimal T cell activation requires the engagement of CD6 and CD166.
Smad inhibition by the Ste20 kinase Misshapen.
Mutations in cye-1, a Caenorhabditis elegans cyclin E homolog, reveal coordination between cell-cycle control and vulval development.
The something about silencing protein, Sas3, is the catalytic subunit of NuA3, a yTAF(II)30-containing HAT complex that interacts with the Spt16 subunit of the yeast CP (Cdc68/Pob3)-FACT complex.
Sortilin/neurotensin receptor-3 binds and mediates degradation of lipoprotein lipase.
Nucleolin and YB-1 are required for JNK-mediated interleukin-2 mRNA stabilization during T-cell activation.
SRC-1 and Wnt signaling act together to specify endoderm and to control cleavage orientation in early C. elegans embryos.
The Escherichia coli pldC gene encoding lysophospholipase L(1) is identical to the apeA and tesA genes encoding protease I and thioesterase I, respectively.
Metabolism of vertebrate amino sugars with N-glycolyl groups: elucidating the intracellular fate of the non-human sialic acid N-glycolylneuraminic acid.
p130Cas Couples the tyrosine kinase Bmx/Etk with regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and cell migration.
Removal of substrate inhibition and increase in maximal velocity in the short chain dehydrogenase/reductase salutaridine reductase involved in morphine biosynthesis.
Multiple signaling mechanisms of the UNC-6/netrin receptors UNC-5 and UNC-40/DCC in vivo.
Argos induces programmed cell death in the developing Drosophila eye by inhibition of the Ras pathway.
Forward EphB4 signaling in endothelial cells controls cellular repulsion and segregation from ephrinB2 positive cells.
Drosophilia spectrin. I. Characterization of the purified protein.
A novel transcription regulatory complex containing death domain-associated protein and the ATR-X syndrome protein.
The FERONIA receptor-like kinase mediates male-female interactions during pollen tube reception.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 interacts with apolipoprotein B and prevents its intracellular degradation, irrespective of the low-density lipoprotein receptor.
The angiotensin II type I receptor-associated protein, ATRAP, is a transmembrane protein and a modulator of angiotensin II signaling.
RNF146 is a poly(ADP-ribose)-directed E3 ligase that regulates axin degradation and Wnt signalling.
TFG-1 function in protein secretion and oncogenesis.
Phe161 and Arg166 variants of p-hydroxybenzoate hydroxylase. Implications for NADPH recognition and structural stability.
Structure of S5a bound to monoubiquitin provides a model for polyubiquitin recognition.
Emi1 regulates the anaphase-promoting complex by a different mechanism than Mad2 proteins.
Cutting edge: complement-activating complex of ficolin and mannose-binding lectin-associated serine protease.
Regulated activating Thr172 phosphorylation of cyclin-dependent kinase 4(CDK4): its relationship with cyclins and CDK "inhibitors".
Histone H3 lysine 4 methylation is mediated by Set1 and required for cell growth and rDNA silencing in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Identification and purification of two distinct complexes containing the five RAD51 paralogs.
SUMO1 haploinsufficiency leads to cleft lip and palate.
Myosin-V is a processive actin-based motor.
Hydroxylation of 5-methylcytosine by TET1 promotes active DNA demethylation in the adult brain.
A secreted form of human ADAM9 has an alpha-secretase activity for APP.
Cell death mediated by MAPK is associated with hydrogen peroxide production in Arabidopsis.
The DSmurf ubiquitin-protein ligase restricts BMP signaling spatially and temporally during Drosophila embryogenesis.
Homogeneous Escherichia coli FPG protein. A DNA glycosylase which excises imidazole ring-opened purines and nicks DNA at apurinic/apyrimidinic sites.
The developmental role of warthog, the notch modifier encoding Drab6.
Molecular characterization of a high-affinity mouse glutamate transporter.
Tsg101, a homologue of ubiquitin-conjugating (E2) enzymes, binds the L domain in HIV type 1 Pr55(Gag).
E2F7, a novel E2F featuring DP-independent repression of a subset of E2F-regulated genes.
Role of the TAB2-related protein TAB3 in IL-1 and TNF signaling.
Nuclear translocation and transcription regulation by the membrane-associated guanylate kinase CASK/LIN-2.
Cell adhesion molecules regulate contractile ring-independent cytokinesis in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Ankyrin-B mutation causes type 4 long-QT cardiac arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
The mesoderm determinant snail collaborates with related zinc-finger proteins to control Drosophila neurogenesis.
Increased proteasome activity in human embryonic stem cells is regulated by PSMD11.
Mixed tailing by TENT4A and TENT4B shields mRNA from rapid deadenylation.
The succinate dehydrogenase assembly factor, SdhE, is required for the flavinylation and activation of fumarate reductase in bacteria.
GRIF1 binds Hrs and is a new regulator of endosomal trafficking.
Molecular cloning of two new human paralogs of 85-kDa cytosolic phospholipase A2.
Biochemical properties, tissue expression, and gene structure of a short chain dehydrogenase/ reductase able to catalyze cis-retinol oxidation.
Structural conservation of the pores of calcium-activated and voltage-gated potassium channels determined by a sea anemone toxin.
Mycobacterial Ku and ligase proteins constitute a two-component NHEJ repair machine.
BBF2H7, a novel transmembrane bZIP transcription factor, is a new type of endoplasmic reticulum stress transducer.
Interstitial collagenase (matrix metalloproteinase-1) expresses serpinase activity.
Tiggrin, a novel Drosophila extracellular matrix protein that functions as a ligand for Drosophila alpha PS2 beta PS integrins.
S6K1-mediated disassembly of mitochondrial URI/PP1gamma complexes activates a negative feedback program that counters S6K1 survival signaling.
The cysteine protease domain of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus nonstructural protein 2 possesses deubiquitinating and interferon antagonism functions.
Identification of two protein kinases required for abscisic acid regulation of seed germination, root growth, and gene expression in Arabidopsis.
Coronin-1C and RCC2 guide mesenchymal migration by trafficking Rac1 and controlling GEF exposure.
Processing of pro-Muclin and divergent trafficking of its products to zymogen granules and the apical plasma membrane of pancreatic acinar cells.
Crystal structure reveals basis for the inhibitor resistance of human brain trypsin.
ISPD loss-of-function mutations disrupt dystroglycan  O-mannosylation and cause Walker-Warburg syndrome.
Plastidic protein Cdf1 is essential in Arabidopsis embryogenesis.
Drosophila Atlastin regulates the stability of muscle microtubules and is required for synapse development.
Identification of a chromosome 3p14.3-21.1 gene, APPL, encoding an adaptor molecule that interacts with the oncoprotein-serine/threonine kinase AKT2.
Inhibition of human pancreatic ribonuclease by the human ribonuclease inhibitor protein.
Purification, identification and characterisation of seprase from bovine serum.
Identification and characterization of the human MOG1 gene.
Identification of human tRNA:m5C methyltransferase catalysing intron-dependent m5C formation in the first position of the anticodon of the pre-tRNA Leu (CAA).
Correlation assessment among clinical phenotypes, expression analysis and molecular modeling of 14 novel variations in the human galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase gene.
ErbB4 signaling in the mammary gland is required for lobuloalveolar development and Stat5 activation during lactation.
The MAR-binding protein SATB1 orchestrates temporal and spatial expression of multiple genes during T-cell development.
Chromostatin, a 20-amino acid peptide derived from chromogranin A, inhibits chromaffin cell secretion.
Biochemical and functional characterization of phosphoserine aminotransferase from Entamoeba histolytica, which possesses both phosphorylated and non-phosphorylated serine metabolic pathways.
Dissection of the structural organization of the aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase complex.
The HOPS complex mediates autophagosome-lysosome fusion through interaction with syntaxin 17.
E2F repression by C/EBPalpha is required for adipogenesis and granulopoiesis in vivo.
Kinesin-5/Eg5 is important for transport of CARTS from the trans-Golgi network to the cell surface.
Role of Hec1 in spindle checkpoint signaling and kinetochore recruitment of Mad1/Mad2.
Alternative splicing of the RAGE cytoplasmic domain regulates cell signaling and function.
A Rich1/Amot complex regulates the Cdc42 GTPase and apical-polarity proteins in epithelial cells.
tRNA synthetase counteracts c-Myc to develop functional vasculature.
Wntless, a conserved membrane protein dedicated to the secretion of Wnt proteins from signaling cells.
Arabidopsis AtMYC2 (bHLH) and AtMYB2 (MYB) function as transcriptional activators in abscisic acid signaling.
A novel zf-MYND protein, CHB-3, mediates guanylyl cyclase localization to sensory cilia and controls body size of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Hyperekplexia associated with compound heterozygote mutations in the beta-subunit of the human inhibitory glycine receptor (GLRB).
Etk, a Btk family tyrosine kinase, mediates cellular transformation by linking Src to STAT3 activation.
Differential biosynthesis of polysialic acid on neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM) and oligosaccharide acceptors by three distinct alpha 2,8-sialyltransferases, ST8Sia IV (PST), ST8Sia II (STX), and ST8Sia III.
The autophagy regulator Rubicon is a feedback inhibitor of CARD9-mediated host innate immunity.
A CUL-2 ubiquitin ligase containing three FEM proteins degrades TRA-1 to regulate C. elegans sex determination.
26S proteasome regulatory particle mutants have increased oxidative stress tolerance.
Cardiac Na+ current regulation by pyridine nucleotides.
RDH10 is essential for synthesis of embryonic retinoic acid and is required for limb, craniofacial, and organ development.
Different forms of TFIIH for transcription and DNA repair: holo-TFIIH and a nucleotide excision repairosome.
The extended loops of ribosomal proteins L4 and L22 are not required for ribosome assembly or L4-mediated autogenous control.
Lin-28 binds IGF-2 mRNA and participates in skeletal myogenesis by increasing translation efficiency.
Molecular cloning and initial characterization of the MG61/PORC gene, the human homologue of the Drosophila segment polarity gene Porcupine.
Foxp3 controls regulatory T-cell function by interacting with AML1/Runx1.
MET1 is a thylakoid-associated TPR protein involved in photosystem II supercomplex formation and repair in Arabidopsis.
Human cell growth requires a functional cytoplasmic exosome, which is involved in various mRNA decay pathways.
Functional characterization and membrane topology of Escherichia coli WecA, a sugar-phosphate transferase initiating the biosynthesis of enterobacterial common antigen and O-antigen lipopolysaccharide.
AF10-dependent transcription is enhanced by its interaction with FLRG.
PARAQUAT TOLERANCE3 Is an E3 Ligase That Switches off Activated Oxidative Response by Targeting Histone-Modifying PROTEIN METHYLTRANSFERASE4b.
A role for SKIP in EBNA2 activation of CBF1-repressed promoters.
Studies on the hydrolytic properties of (serine) carboxypeptidase Y.
In vitro activities of purified visna virus integrase.
Human coronavirus 229E can use CD209L (L-SIGN) to enter cells.
The trans-Golgi network golgin, GCC185, is required for endosome-to-Golgi transport and maintenance of Golgi structure.
Roles of fission yeast tea1p in the localization of polarity factors and in organizing the microtubular cytoskeleton.
Cripto-1 activates nodal- and ALK4-dependent and -independent signaling pathways in mammary epithelial Cells.
A picornavirus protein interacts with Ran-GTPase and disrupts nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Three functional soluble forms of the human apoptosis-inducing Fas molecule are produced by alternative splicing.
Generation of GTP-bound Ran by RCC1 is required for chromatin-induced mitotic spindle formation.
Molecular cloning and expression of a novel alternative splice variant of BRDT gene.
Identification and characterization of a novel Rho-specific guanine nucleotide exchange factor.
An envelope glycoprotein of the human endogenous retrovirus HERV-W is expressed in the human placenta and fuses cells expressing the type D mammalian retrovirus receptor.
Marked differences between two isoforms of human pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase.
Rift Valley fever virus incorporates the 78 kDa glycoprotein into virions matured in mosquito C6/36 cells.
Identification and functional characterization of a novel transglutaminase 1 gene mutation associated with autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis.
RPT2. A signal transducer of the phototropic response in Arabidopsis.
Human RNA 5'-kinase (hClp1) can function as a tRNA splicing enzyme in vivo.
A heteromeric plastidic pyruvate kinase complex involved in seed oil biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
Thymine DNA glycosylase can rapidly excise 5-formylcytosine and 5-carboxylcytosine: potential implications for active demethylation of CpG sites.
The Clk2 and Clk3 dual-specificity protein kinases regulate the intranuclear distribution of SR proteins and influence pre-mRNA splicing.
SDHA is a tumor suppressor gene causing paraganglioma.
Rab11 in recycling endosomes regulates the sorting and basolateral transport of E-cadherin.
Identification and expression of the TREX1 and TREX2 cDNA sequences encoding mammalian 3'-->5' exonucleases.
The Arabidopsis O-linked N-acetylglucosamine transferase SPINDLY interacts with class I TCPs to facilitate cytokinin responses in leaves and flowers.
Functional and phylogenetic analysis of the ubiquitylation system in Caenorhabditis elegans: ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes, ubiquitin-activating enzymes, and ubiquitin-like proteins.
A new splice variant of the human guanylate-binding protein 3 mediates anti-influenza activity through inhibition of viral transcription and replication.
A selection for mutants of the RNA polymerase III transcription apparatus: PCF1 stimulates transcription of tRNA and 5S RNA genes.
Molecular cloning of apobec-1 complementation factor, a novel RNA-binding protein involved in the editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA.
A role of the C-terminal part of p44 in the promoter escape activity of transcription factor IIH.
Calcium/calmodulin regulates ubiquitination of the ubiquitin-specific protease TRE17/USP6.
Generation and characterization of a novel, permanently active S100P mutant.
A novel gene, Btcl1, encoding CUB and LDLa domains is expressed in restricted areas of mouse brain.
Shisa6 traps AMPA receptors at postsynaptic sites and prevents their desensitization during synaptic activity.
A Yersinia effector and a Pseudomonas avirulence protein define a family of cysteine proteases functioning in bacterial pathogenesis.
Properties of type II inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
Tumor suppressor PTEN mediates sensing of chemoattractant gradients.
Structural and biochemical characterization of the human cyclophilin family of peptidyl-prolyl isomerases.
5-HT1B receptors modulate release of [3H]dopamine from rat striatal synaptosomes: further evidence using 5-HT moduline, polyclonal 5-HT1B receptor antibodies and 5-HT1B receptor knock-out mice.
hCLE/CGI-99, a human protein that interacts with the influenza virus polymerase, is a mRNA transcription modulator.
Identification of a hotdog fold thioesterase involved in the biosynthesis of menaquinone in Escherichia coli.
ABCG5 and ABCG8 are obligate heterodimers for protein trafficking and biliary cholesterol excretion.
Expression, purification and characterization of recombinant mouse MT5-MMP protein products.
Synaptotagmins I and II mediate entry of botulinum neurotoxin B into cells.
DNA-independent deoxynucleotidylation of the phi 29 terminal protein by the phi 29 DNA polymerase.
Selective regulation of neurite extension and synapse formation by the beta but not the alpha isoform of CaMKII.
BSKs mediate signal transduction from the receptor kinase BRI1 in Arabidopsis.
Polycystin-1L2 is a novel G-protein-binding protein.
The β and γ subunits play distinct functional roles in the α<sub>2</sub>βγ heterotetramer of human NAD-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase.
Involvement of Flt-1 tyrosine kinase (vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1) in pathological angiogenesis.
Dual roles of zygotic and maternal Scribble1 in neural migration and convergent extension movements in zebrafish embryos.
PAR-1 is required for morphogenesis of the Caenorhabditis elegans vulva.
Hepatitis A virus protein 2B suppresses beta interferon (IFN) gene transcription by interfering with IFN regulatory factor 3 activation.
Uncharged tRNA activates GCN2 by displacing the protein kinase moiety from a bipartite tRNA-binding domain.
EGFR and FGFR signaling through FRS2 is subject to negative feedback control by ERK1/2.
Serglycin is essential for maturation of mast cell secretory granule.
The WRPW motif of the hairy-related basic helix-loop-helix repressor proteins acts as a 4-amino-acid transcription repression and protein-protein interaction domain.
Interaction between p230 and MACF1 is associated with transport of a glycosyl phosphatidyl inositol-anchored protein from the Golgi to the cell periphery.
Double-stranded DNA translocase activity of transcription factor TFIIH and the mechanism of RNA polymerase II open complex formation.
Taf(II) 250 phosphorylates human transcription factor IIA on serine residues important for TBP binding and transcription activity.
The effect of a genetically reduced plasma membrane protonmotive force on vegetative growth of Arabidopsis.
β2-Syntrophin is a Cdk5 substrate that restrains the motility of insulin secretory granules.
CD277 is a negative co-stimulatory molecule universally expressed by ovarian cancer microenvironmental cells.
Stable association of hsp90 and p23, but Not hsp70, with active human telomerase.
Identification of Arabidopsis GPAT9 (At5g60620) as an Essential Gene Involved in Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis.
ANKTM1, a TRP-like channel expressed in nociceptive neurons, is activated by cold temperatures.
Structural organization of authentic, mature HIV-1 virions and cores.
DNMT3B interacts with constitutive centromere protein CENP-C to modulate DNA methylation and the histone code at centromeric regions.
Combined inactivation of lon and ycgE decreases multidrug susceptibility by reducing the amount of OmpF porin in Escherichia coli.
A SILAC-based screen for Methyl-CpG binding proteins identifies RBP-J as a DNA methylation and sequence-specific binding protein.
Interactome map uncovers phosphatidylserine transport by oxysterol-binding proteins.
EGFR and EphA2 are host factors for hepatitis C virus entry and possible targets for antiviral therapy.
The co-chaperone CHIP regulates protein triage decisions mediated by heat-shock proteins.
ALX4 dysfunction disrupts craniofacial and epidermal development.
The histone acetyltransferase, hGCN5, interacts with and acetylates the HIV transactivator, Tat.
Caveolin-2 regulation of STAT3 transcriptional activation in response to insulin.
Polo boxes form a single functional domain that mediates interactions with multiple proteins in fission yeast polo kinase.
WWP2 promotes degradation of transcription factor OCT4 in human embryonic stem cells.
Identification of the ron gene product as the receptor for the human macrophage stimulating protein.
The Fas ligand intracellular domain is released by ADAM10 and SPPL2a cleavage in T-cells.
A novel metal-activated pyridoxal enzyme with a unique primary structure, low specificity D-threonine aldolase from Arthrobacter sp. Strain DK-38. Molecular cloning and cofactor characterization.
Identification of anaplastic lymphoma kinase as a receptor for the growth factor pleiotrophin.
A two-receptor pathway for catabolism of Clara cell secretory protein in the kidney.
The retinoblastoma protein-associated transcription repressor RBaK interacts with the androgen receptor and enhances its transcriptional activity.
Functional interaction between the small GTP-binding protein Rin and the N-terminal of Brn-3a transcription factor.
Characterization of two isoforms of mouse 3(17)alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases of the aldo-keto reductase family.
A novel alpha-conotoxin identified by gene sequencing is active in suppressing the vascular response to selective stimulation of sensory nerves in vivo.
Insulin-activated protein kinase Cbeta bypasses Ras and stimulates mitogen-activated protein kinase activity and cell proliferation in muscle cells.
Role of Gas6 receptors in platelet signaling during thrombus stabilization and implications for antithrombotic therapy.
Down-regulation of Myc as a potential target for growth arrest induced by human polynucleotide phosphorylase (hPNPaseold-35) in human melanoma cells.
RACK1 controls IRES-mediated translation of viruses.
A cyclophilin functions in pre-mRNA splicing.
The EVH2 domain of the vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein mediates tetramerization, F-actin binding, and actin bundle formation.
Selective activation of p38alpha and p38gamma by hypoxia. Role in regulation of cyclin D1 by hypoxia in PC12 cells.
Mutations in GANAB, Encoding the Glucosidase IIα Subunit, Cause Autosomal-Dominant Polycystic Kidney and Liver Disease.
Transketolase A of Escherichia coli K12. Purification and properties of the enzyme from recombinant strains.
Apoptosis disables CD31-mediated cell detachment from phagocytes promoting binding and engulfment.
Clustering of beta(2)-integrins on human neutrophils activates dual signaling pathways to PtdIns 3-kinase.
Functional division of substrate processing cofactors of the ubiquitin-selective Cdc48 chaperone.
A syndrome of tricuspid atresia in mice with a targeted mutation of the gene encoding Fog-2.
Cell-cycle-regulated association of RAD50/MRE11/NBS1 with TRF2 and human telomeres.
Spatial expression patterns and biochemical properties distinguish a second myo-inositol monophosphatase IMPA2 from IMPA1.
Novel small GTPase subfamily capable of associating with tubulin is required for chromosome segregation.
Epigenetic inactivation of a RAS association domain family protein from the lung tumour suppressor locus 3p21.3.
DEC1 modulates the circadian phase of clock gene expression.
mRNA Capping by Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus nsP1: Functional Characterization and Implications for Antiviral Research.
The transcription factor hepatocyte nuclear factor-6/Onecut-1 controls the expression of its paralog Onecut-3 in developing mouse endoderm.
ROCK-I regulates closure of the eyelids and ventral body wall by inducing assembly of actomyosin bundles.
Reaction of myeloperoxidase compound I with chloride, bromide, iodide, and thiocyanate.
The 3a protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus induces apoptosis in Vero E6 cells.
Proteolytic processing and oligomerization of bacteriophage-derived endosialidases.
Endopeptidase cleavage generates a functionally distinct isoform of C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein-12 (CTRP12) with an altered oligomeric state and signaling specificity.
Molecular analysis of "de novo" purine biosynthesis in solanaceous species and in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Electron acceptor specificity of ferredoxin (flavodoxin):NADP+ oxidoreductase from Escherichia coli.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of a soluble calcium-activated nucleotidase, a human enzyme belonging to a new family of extracellular nucleotidases.
Activation of LIM kinases by myotonic dystrophy kinase-related Cdc42-binding kinase alpha.
TAB2, a novel adaptor protein, mediates activation of TAK1 MAPKKK by linking TAK1 to TRAF6 in the IL-1 signal transduction pathway.
A Raf-induced allosteric transition of KSR stimulates phosphorylation of MEK.
A novel cofactor for p300 that regulates the p53 response.
Involvement of the TRAP220 component of the TRAP/SMCC coactivator complex in embryonic development and thyroid hormone action.
Crystal structure of 1-deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate synthase, a crucial enzyme for isoprenoids biosynthesis.
Xeroderma pigmentosum p48 gene enhances global genomic repair and suppresses UV-induced mutagenesis.
ATP8B1 requires an accessory protein for endoplasmic reticulum exit and plasma membrane lipid flippase activity.
An unfolded putative transmembrane polypeptide, which can lead to endoplasmic reticulum stress, is a substrate of Parkin.
Catalytic mechanism of C-C hydrolase MhpC from Escherichia coli: kinetic analysis of His263 and Ser110 site-directed mutants.
A novel mammalian HORMA domain-containing protein, HORMAD1, preferentially associates with unsynapsed meiotic chromosomes.
ERO1-L, a human protein that favors disulfide bond formation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Neuroglycan C, a novel member of the neuregulin family.
Identification of human plasma lysophospholipase D, a lysophosphatidic acid-producing enzyme, as autotaxin, a multifunctional phosphodiesterase.
Pragmin, a novel effector of Rnd2 GTPase, stimulates RhoA activity.
Molecular mechanisms of cell-type determination in budding yeast.
Rho-associated kinase ROCK activates LIM-kinase 1 by phosphorylation at threonine 508 within the activation loop.
Drosophila grapes/CHK1 mutants are defective in cyclin proteolysis and coordination of mitotic events.
Loss of both phospholipid and triglyceride transfer activities of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein in abetalipoproteinemia.
Biosynthesis of mannosylglycerate in the thermophilic bacterium Rhodothermus marinus. Biochemical and genetic characterization of a mannosylglycerate synthase.
Further biochemical and kinetic characterization of human eukaryotic initiation factor 4H.
A Ca(2+)-activated NADPH oxidase in testis, spleen, and lymph nodes.
TLR-independent control of innate immunity in Caenorhabditis elegans by the TIR domain adaptor protein TIR-1, an ortholog of human SARM.
The nucleotide sequence and the tissue-specific expression of Drosophila c-src.
Activation of corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1 selectively inhibits CaV3.2 T-type calcium channels.
Characterization of Mycobacterium tuberculosis WhiB1/Rv3219 as a protein disulfide reductase.
Critical function of Prdm14 for the establishment of the germ cell lineage in mice.
Candidacidal activity of recombinant human salivary histatin-5 and variants.
Rbx1, a component of the VHL tumor suppressor complex and SCF ubiquitin ligase.
Multiple isoforms of choline kinase from Caenorhabditis elegans: cloning, expression, purification, and characterization.
Alternatively spliced human tissue factor: a circulating, soluble, thrombogenic protein.
AIP1 is critical in transducing IRE1-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress response.
Mixed lineage kinase LZK forms a functional signaling complex with JIP-1, a scaffold protein of the c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase pathway.
Purification and biochemical properties of an N-hydroxyarylamine O-acetyltransferase from Escherichia coli.
A novel ring-like complex of Xenopus proteins essential for the initiation of DNA replication.
Crystal structure of human group X secreted phospholipase A2. Electrostatically neutral interfacial surface targets zwitterionic membranes.
Craniofacial dysmorphogenesis including cleft palate in mice with an insertional mutation in the discs large gene.
Ligand-regulated binding of FAP68 to the hepatocyte growth factor receptor.
Involvement of G protein-coupled receptor 30 (GPR30) in rapid action of estrogen in primate LHRH neurons.
Requirement for glycogen synthase kinase-3beta in cell survival and NF-kappaB activation.
beta-subunits of Snf1 kinase are required for kinase function and substrate definition.
Complementary expression of transmembrane ephrins and their receptors in the mouse spinal cord: a possible role in constraining the orientation of longitudinally projecting axons.
Isolation of HELAD1, a novel human helicase gene up-regulated in colorectal carcinomas.
Molecular cloning of a novel human CC chemokine (Eotaxin-3) that is a functional ligand of CC chemokine receptor 3.
A Ypt/Rab effector complex containing the Sec1 homolog Vps33p is required for homotypic vacuole fusion.
Myo1c binding to submembrane actin mediates insulin-induced tethering of GLUT4 vesicles.
Zika Virus NS4A and NS4B Proteins Deregulate Akt-mTOR Signaling in Human Fetal Neural Stem Cells to Inhibit Neurogenesis and Induce Autophagy.
Signaling by fibroblast growth factors (FGF) and fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2)-activating mutations blocks mineralization and induces apoptosis in osteoblasts.
Two mammalian Sec16 homologues have nonredundant functions in endoplasmic reticulum (ER) export and transitional ER organization.
Dual control of nuclear EIN3 by bifurcate MAPK cascades in C2H4 signalling.
Kinetic analysis of human protein arginine N-methyltransferase 2: formation of monomethyl- and asymmetric dimethyl-arginine residues on histone H4.
Structural and functional diversity of novel coronin 1C (CRN2) isoforms in muscle.
Lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 (LOX-1) supports adhesion of mononuclear leukocytes and a monocyte-like cell line THP-1 cells under static and flow conditions.
X-exome sequencing of 405 unresolved families identifies seven novel intellectual disability genes.
Cellular localization, oligomerization, and membrane association of the hereditary spastic paraplegia 3A (SPG3A) protein atlastin.
Iron-sulfur cluster biosynthesis. Characterization of frataxin as an iron donor for assembly of [2Fe-2S] clusters in ISU-type proteins.
Ubr3, a Novel Modulator of Hh Signaling Affects the Degradation of Costal-2 and Kif7 through Poly-ubiquitination.
Involvement of the osteoinductive factors, Tmem119 and BMP-2, and the ER stress response PERK-eIF2α-ATF4 pathway in the commitment of myoblastic into osteoblastic cells.
TMF/ARA160 is a BC-box-containing protein that mediates the degradation of Stat3.
Dyrk kinases regulate phosphorylation of doublecortin, cytoskeletal organization, and neuronal morphology.
Archipelago regulates Cyclin E levels in Drosophila and is mutated in human cancer cell lines.
Human Rhesus B and Rhesus C glycoproteins: properties of facilitated ammonium transport in recombinant kidney cells.
A complex between peptide:N-glycanase and two proteasome-linked proteins suggests a mechanism for the degradation of misfolded glycoproteins.
AtACDO1, an ABC1-like kinase gene, is involved in chlorophyll degradation and the response to photooxidative stress in Arabidopsis.
cIAP1 Localizes to the nuclear compartment and modulates the cell cycle.
An essential role for BLNK in human B cell development.
An abscisic acid inducible Arabidopsis MAPKKK, MAPKKK18 regulates leaf senescence via its kinase activity.
The Drosophila claret segregation protein is a minus-end directed motor molecule.
Structural integration in hypoxia-inducible factors.
Abelson interacting protein 1 (Abi-1) is essential for dendrite morphogenesis and synapse formation.
Allosteric inhibition of the nonMyristoylated c-Abl tyrosine kinase by phosphopeptides derived from Abi1/Hssh3bp1.
The Escherichia coli amidase AmiC is a periplasmic septal ring component exported via the twin-arginine transport pathway.
Protein C Thr315Ala variant results in gain of function but manifests as type II deficiency in diagnostic assays.
Molecular and structural characterization of hexameric beta-D-glucosidases in wheat and rye.
A cytosolic chaperone complexes with dynamic membrane J-proteins and mobilizes a nonenveloped virus out of the endoplasmic reticulum.
Induction of terminal differentiation in epithelial cells requires polymerization of hensin by galectin 3.
The Drosophila nitric-oxide synthase gene (dNOS) encodes a family of proteins that can modulate NOS activity by acting as dominant negative regulators.
Isolation of cDNA for a human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor by functional expression in mammalian cells.
The major protein import receptor of plastids is essential for chloroplast biogenesis.
Negative regulation of lymphocyte activation and autoimmunity by the molecular adaptor Cbl-b.
Mutation of rice BC12/GDD1, which encodes a kinesin-like protein that binds to a GA biosynthesis gene promoter, leads to dwarfism with impaired cell elongation.
Augmenter of liver regeneration: substrate specificity of a flavin-dependent oxidoreductase from the mitochondrial intermembrane space.
A critical role for vesicle-associated membrane protein-7 in exocytosis from human eosinophils and neutrophils.
Leukocyte-associated Ig-like receptor-1 functions as an inhibitory receptor on cytotoxic T cells.
Binding properties of neuroligin 1 and neurexin 1beta reveal function as heterophilic cell adhesion molecules.
Expression, purification, and kinetic constants for human and Escherichia coli pyridoxal kinases.
DHHC9 and GCP16 constitute a human protein fatty acyltransferase with specificity for H- and N-Ras.
Lipoprotein(a) binds to fibronectin and has serine proteinase activity capable of cleaving it.
The Drosophila inhibitor of apoptosis protein DIAP2 functions in innate immunity and is essential to resist gram-negative bacterial infection.
Functional cloning of Src-like adapter protein-2 (SLAP-2), a novel inhibitor of antigen receptor signaling.
GI domain-mediated association of the eukaryotic initiation factor 2alpha kinase GCN2 with its activator GCN1 is required for general amino acid control in budding yeast.
Acylglycerol Kinase Mutated in Sengers Syndrome Is a Subunit of the TIM22 Protein Translocase in Mitochondria.
Calsequestrin-1 Regulates Store-Operated Ca2+ Entry by Inhibiting STIM1 Aggregation.
Crystal structure of Spot 14, a modulator of fatty acid synthesis.
An immediate early human gene encodes an Id-like helix-loop-helix protein and is regulated by protein kinase C activation in diverse cell types.
The moonlighting protein Tsa1p is implicated in oxidative stress response and in cell wall biogenesis in Candida albicans.
TRIM16 acts as an E3 ubiquitin ligase and can heterodimerize with other TRIM family members.
An acetylase with relaxed specificity catalyses protein N-terminal acetylation in Sulfolobus solfataricus.
A novel link between the proteasome pathway and the signal transduction pathway of the bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs).
DISC1-kendrin interaction is involved in centrosomal microtubule network formation.
Molecular cloning and expression of a human chondroitin synthase.
Respiration of Escherichia coli can be fully uncoupled via the nonelectrogenic terminal cytochrome bd-II oxidase.
Muscular dystrophy and neuronal migration disorder caused by mutations in a glycosyltransferase, POMGnT1.
PKB/Akt mediates cell-cycle progression by phosphorylation of p27(Kip1) at threonine 157 and modulation of its cellular localization.
KCNQ2 and KCNQ3 potassium channel genes in benign familial neonatal convulsions: expansion of the functional and mutation spectrum.
Transcriptional activation of the cyclin A gene by the architectural transcription factor HMGA2.
Mouse receptor-activity-modifying proteins 1, -2 and -3: amino acid sequence, expression and function.
Cdk-activating kinase complex is a component of human transcription factor TFIIH.
The ubiquitin-domain protein HERP forms a complex with components of the endoplasmic reticulum associated degradation pathway.
A gain-of-function mutation in TRPA1 causes familial episodic pain syndrome.
The mitochondrial proteins NLRX1 and TUFM form a complex that regulates type I interferon and autophagy.
Evidence that the Bacillus subtilis SpoIIGA protein is a novel type of signal-transducing aspartic protease.
Enhanced mu-opioid responses in the spinal cord of mice lacking protein kinase Cgamma isoform.
Autosomal dominant hypophosphataemic rickets is associated with mutations in FGF23.
Identification of the differential distribution patterns of mRNAs and consensus binding sequences for mouse DAF-16 homologues.
The transcriptional repressor CDP (Cutl1) is essential for epithelial cell differentiation of the lung and the hair follicle.
Phospholemman is a substrate for myotonic dystrophy protein kinase.
Cloning, expression, purification, and biological activity of recombinant native and variant human alpha 1-antichymotrypsins.
MAP kinase and Wnt pathways converge to downregulate an HMG-domain repressor in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Immediate response of the DnaK molecular chaperone system to heat shock.
Two pacemaker channels from human heart with profoundly different activation kinetics.
Identification of nucleotide pyrophosphatase/alkaline phosphodiesterase I activity associated with the mouse plasma cell differentiation antigen PC-1.
Dissection of the NUP107 nuclear pore subcomplex reveals a novel interaction with spindle assembly checkpoint protein MAD1 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Modulation of the human Kv1.5 channel by protein kinase C activation: role of the Kvbeta1.2 subunit.
The N-terminal domain of mammalian soluble epoxide hydrolase is a phosphatase.
Biosynthesis of lovastatin analogs with a broadly specific acyltransferase.
Designed FHIT alleles establish that Fhit-induced apoptosis in cancer cells is limited by substrate binding.
Additional sex comb-like (ASXL) proteins 1 and 2 play opposite roles in adipogenesis via reciprocal regulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor {gamma}.
Protein aggregation in a mutant deficient in yajL, the bacterial homolog of the Parkinsonism-associated protein DJ-1.
Encephalomyocarditis virus RNA synthesis in vitro is protein-primed.
Two highly conserved glutamic acid residues in the predicted beta propeller domain of dipeptidyl peptidase IV are required for its enzyme activity.
Cys-140 is critical for metabotropic glutamate receptor-1 dimerization.
Glycoprotein reglucosylation and nucleotide sugar utilization in the secretory pathway: identification of a nucleoside diphosphatase in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Reduced sodium current in Purkinje neurons from Nav1.1 mutant mice: implications for ataxia in severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy.
Rudhira/BCAS3 is a cytoskeletal protein that controls Cdc42 activation and directional cell migration during angiogenesis.
The Drosophila FGF-R homolog is expressed in the embryonic tracheal system and appears to be required for directed tracheal cell extension.
Methylation of histone H3 lysine 9 creates a binding site for HP1 proteins.
Translational regulation of human papillomavirus type 16 E7 mRNA by the peptide SEQIKA, shared by rabbit alpha(1)-globin and human cytokeratin 7.
Human pEg3 kinase associates with and phosphorylates CDC25B phosphatase: a potential role for pEg3 in cell cycle regulation.
Female lethality and apoptosis of spermatocytes in mice lacking the UBR2 ubiquitin ligase of the N-end rule pathway.
A role for C. elegans Eph RTK signaling in PTEN regulation.
A dominant-negative Galpha mutant that traps a stable rhodopsin-Galpha-GTP-betagamma complex.
An integrated study of threonine-pathway enzyme kinetics in Escherichia coli.
Comparative substrate recognition by bacterial and fungal purine transporters of the NAT/NCS2 family.
Cloning and functional characterization of two bacterial members of the NAT/NCS2 family in Escherichia coli.
Post-translational regulation of circadian transcriptional CLOCK(NPAS2)/BMAL1 complex by CRYPTOCHROMES.
Mutations in the gene encoding gap junction protein alpha 12 (connexin 46.6) cause Pelizaeus-Merzbacher-like disease.
Effects of acetylation of histone H4 at lysines 8 and 16 on activity of the Hat1 histone acetyltransferase.
The A78V mutation in the Mad3-like domain of Schizosaccharomyces pombe Bub1p perturbs nuclear accumulation and kinetochore targeting of Bub1p, Bub3p, and Mad3p and spindle assembly checkpoint function.
BIG: a calossin-like protein required for polar auxin transport in Arabidopsis.
An essential switch in subunit composition of a chromatin remodeling complex during neural development.
La autoantigen is required for the internal ribosome entry site-mediated translation of Coxsackievirus B3 RNA.
The transmembrane protein Off-track associates with Plexins and functions downstream of Semaphorin signaling during axon guidance.
Arginase I is constitutively expressed in human granulocytes and participates in fungicidal activity.
Tao-1 is a negative regulator of microtubule plus-end growth.
Vesicle-mediated export and assembly of pore-forming oligomers of the enterobacterial ClyA cytotoxin.
In vivo association of E2F and DP family proteins.
Dual DNA binding specificity of ADD1/SREBP1 controlled by a single amino acid in the basic helix-loop-helix domain.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 is a functional receptor for the SARS coronavirus.
Chk2 mediates stabilization of the FoxM1 transcription factor to stimulate expression of DNA repair genes.
Sumoylation of the novel protein hRIP{beta} is involved in replication protein A deposition in PML nuclear bodies.
Ankyrin repeat domain protein 2 and inhibitor of DNA binding 3 cooperatively inhibit myoblast differentiation by physical interaction.
Human 72-kilodalton type IV collagenase forms a complex with a tissue inhibitor of metalloproteases designated TIMP-2.
Reaction in alphavirus mRNA capping: formation of a covalent complex of nonstructural protein nsP1 with 7-methyl-GMP.
Dbp5, a DEAD-box protein required for mRNA export, is recruited to the cytoplasmic fibrils of nuclear pore complex via a conserved interaction with CAN/Nup159p.
Functional characterization of human PFTK1 as a cyclin-dependent kinase.
Tyrosine dephosphorylation of H2AX modulates apoptosis and survival decisions.
C. elegans STRADalpha and SAD cooperatively regulate neuronal polarity and synaptic organization.
SMG-8 and SMG-9, two novel subunits of the SMG-1 complex, regulate remodeling of the mRNA surveillance complex during nonsense-mediated mRNA decay.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologues of endonuclease III from Escherichia coli, Ntg1 and Ntg2, are both required for efficient repair of spontaneous and induced oxidative DNA damage in yeast.
RANKL-induced DC-STAMP is essential for osteoclastogenesis.
Phosphorylation of splicing factor SF1 on Ser20 by cGMP-dependent protein kinase regulates spliceosome assembly.
Purification and characterization of human RNPS1: a general activator of pre-mRNA splicing.
Analysis of the yeast arginine methyltransferase Hmt1p/Rmt1p and its in vivo function. Cofactor binding and substrate interactions.
Regeneration of peroxiredoxins by p53-regulated sestrins, homologs of bacterial AhpD.
Drosophila Nedd4 regulates endocytosis of notch and suppresses its ligand-independent activation.
Psoriasis upregulated phorbolin-1 shares structural but not functional similarity to the mRNA-editing protein apobec-1.
The SAND domain structure defines a novel DNA-binding fold in transcriptional regulation.
Two GATA transcription factors are downstream effectors of floral homeotic gene action in Arabidopsis.
The insect neuropeptide PTTH activates receptor tyrosine kinase torso to initiate metamorphosis.
The SH2-containing inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase, SHIP-2, binds filamin and regulates submembraneous actin.
A component of the ARC/Mediator complex required for TGF beta/Nodal signalling.
Human 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin synthase: cDNA cloning and heterologous expression of the recombinant enzyme.
Isoform-dependent formation of heteromeric Ca2+ release channels (ryanodine receptors).
Viperin (cig5), an IFN-inducible antiviral protein directly induced by human cytomegalovirus.
RINT-1, a novel Rad50-interacting protein, participates in radiation-induced G(2)/M checkpoint control.
17 beta-estradiol activates rapid signaling pathways involved in rat pachytene spermatocytes apoptosis through GPR30 and ER alpha.
The WASp-like protein scar regulates macropinocytosis, phagocytosis and endosomal membrane flow in Dictyostelium.
Novel ATPase of SNF2-like protein family interacts with androgen receptor and modulates androgen-dependent transcription.
BMP-2 induces Osterix expression through up-regulation of Dlx5 and its phosphorylation by p38.
CRAC channel activity in C. elegans is mediated by Orai1 and STIM1 homologues and is essential for ovulation and fertility.
Distinct penicillin binding proteins involved in the division, elongation, and shape of Escherichia coli K12.
A palmitoylation switch mechanism in the regulation of the visual cycle.
Inactivation of the mouse adenylyl cyclase 3 gene disrupts male fertility and spermatozoon function.
Fos-related antigen 2 controls protein kinase A-induced CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein beta expression in osteoblasts.
Biochemical characterization of Wnt-frizzled interactions using a soluble, biologically active vertebrate Wnt protein.
The RNA binding protein Sam68 is acetylated in tumor cell lines, and its acetylation correlates with enhanced RNA binding activity.
Role of D-aminoacyl-tRNA deacylase beyond chiral proofreading as a cellular defense against glycine mischarging by AlaRS.
Integrin-linked kinase regulates the nuclear entry of the c-Jun coactivator alpha-NAC and its coactivation potency.
The ubiquitin-specific protease Usp4 regulates the cell surface level of the A2A receptor.
Retinoic acid treatment alters the distribution of retinoic acid receptor-beta transcripts in the embryonic chick face.
Adenovirus E1A inhibits SCF(Fbw7) ubiquitin ligase.
CEO1, a new protein from Arabidopsis thaliana, protects yeast against oxidative damage.
PROCUSTE1 encodes a cellulose synthase required for normal cell elongation specifically in roots and dark-grown hypocotyls of Arabidopsis.
BCL6 interacts with the transcription factor Miz-1 to suppress the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 and cell cycle arrest in germinal center B cells.
Molecular cloning and expression of palmitoyl-protein thioesterase.
Function of Drg1/Rit42 in p53-dependent mitotic spindle checkpoint.
ANGPTL3 stimulates endothelial cell adhesion and migration via integrin alpha vbeta 3 and induces blood vessel formation in vivo.
Cloning and characterization of cytokeratins 8 and 19 in adult rat striated muscle. Interaction with the dystrophin glycoprotein complex.
Piezo1 and Piezo2 are essential components of distinct mechanically activated cation channels.
Mutations in MCT8 in patients with Allan-Herndon-Dudley-syndrome affecting its cellular distribution.
Dermo-1, a multifunctional basic helix-loop-helix protein, represses MyoD transactivation via the HLH domain, MEF2 interaction, and chromatin deacetylation.
topors, a p53 and topoisomerase I-binding RING finger protein, is a coactivator of p53 in growth suppression induced by DNA damage.
Smad3 is acetylated by p300/CBP to regulate its transactivation activity.
Insights into severe 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency: molecular genetic and enzymatic characterization of 76 patients.
PKCbeta modulates antigen receptor signaling via regulation of Btk membrane localization.
Human Sin3 deacetylase and trithorax-related Set1/Ash2 histone H3-K4 methyltransferase are tethered together selectively by the cell-proliferation factor HCF-1.
Marked instability of the sigma(32) heat shock transcription factor at high temperature. Implications for heat shock regulation.
Carboxylesterase 3 (EC 3.1.1.1) is a major adipocyte lipase.
Distinct Roles of RNA Helicases MVH and TDRD9 in PIWI Slicing-Triggered Mammalian piRNA Biogenesis and Function.
Cellular distribution of Lysyl-tRNA synthetase and its interaction with Gag during human immunodeficiency virus type 1 assembly.
SRC-1 and TIF2 control energy balance between white and brown adipose tissues.
Malaria susceptibility and CD36 mutation.
Expression of the Leo1-like domain of replicative senescence down-regulated Leo1-like (RDL) protein promotes senescence of 2BS fibroblasts.
Biochemical and functional similarities between human eosinophil-derived neurotoxin and eosinophil cationic protein: homology with ribonuclease.
C9ORF72 Regulates Stress Granule Formation and Its Deficiency Impairs Stress Granule Assembly, Hypersensitizing Cells to Stress.
Targeting of OSBP-related protein 3 (ORP3) to endoplasmic reticulum and plasma membrane is controlled by multiple determinants.
Disruption and overexpression of Arabidopsis phytosulfokine receptor gene affects cellular longevity and potential for growth.
CaMKII-dependent diastolic SR Ca2+ leak and elevated diastolic Ca2+ levels in right atrial myocardium of patients with atrial fibrillation.
Dengue virus type 2 antagonizes IFN-alpha but not IFN-gamma antiviral effect via down-regulating Tyk2-STAT signaling in the human dendritic cell.
Few CaV1.3 channels regulate the exocytosis of a synaptic vesicle at the hair cell ribbon synapse.
The abnormal spindle protein is required for germ cell mitosis and oocyte differentiation during Drosophila oogenesis.
EMBRYONIC FACTOR 1 encodes an AMP deaminase and is essential for the zygote to embryo transition in Arabidopsis.
Activation of cardiac gene expression by myocardin, a transcriptional cofactor for serum response factor.
In vivo cloning and characterization of a new growth suppressor protein TOE1 as a direct target gene of Egr1.
SLC38A9 is a component of the lysosomal amino acid sensing machinery that controls mTORC1.
Members of the NODE (Nanog and Oct4-associated deacetylase) complex and SOX-2 promote the initiation of a natural cellular reprogramming event in vivo.
In vivo covalent cross-linking of cellular actin by the Vibrio cholerae RTX toxin.
Novel transcripts of Nox1 are regulated by alternative promoters and expressed under phenotypic modulation of vascular smooth muscle cells.
Separation of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae Paf1 complex from RNA polymerase II results in changes in its subnuclear localization.
Coronavirus NSP6 restricts autophagosome expansion.
Different human TFIIIB activities direct RNA polymerase III transcription from TATA-containing and TATA-less promoters.
CDC7 protein kinase activity is required for mitosis and meiosis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Dmrt1, a gene related to worm and fly sexual regulators, is required for mammalian testis differentiation.
TRAF6 is a novel NS3-interacting protein that inhibits classical swine fever virus replication.
Tyrosine cross-linking of extracellular matrix is catalyzed by Duox, a multidomain oxidase/peroxidase with homology to the phagocyte oxidase subunit gp91phox.
SAD: a presynaptic kinase associated with synaptic vesicles and the active zone cytomatrix that regulates neurotransmitter release.
Sec34 is implicated in traffic from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi and exists in a complex with GTC-90 and ldlBp.
Regulated expression of FLRT genes implies a functional role in the regulation of FGF signalling during mouse development.
DNER acts as a neuron-specific Notch ligand during Bergmann glial development.
Gene expression profiles in the PC-3 human prostate cancer cells induced by NKX3.1.
RasGRP links T-cell receptor signaling to Ras.
Affected homologous chromosome pairing and phosphorylation of testis specific histone, H2AX, in male meiosis under FKBP6 deficiency.
Arabidopsis photorespiratory serine hydroxymethyltransferase activity requires the mitochondrial accumulation of ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase.
Discovery and functional characterization of a neomorphic PTEN mutation.
Maintenance of genomic methylation requires a SWI2/SNF2-like protein.
The CatSper channel mediates progesterone-induced Ca2+ influx in human sperm.
Progesterone activates the principal Ca2+ channel of human sperm.
Apelin, the natural ligand of the orphan seven-transmembrane receptor APJ, inhibits human immunodeficiency virus type 1 entry.
The drug binding site of human alpha1-acid glycoprotein: insight from induced circular dichroism and electronic absorption spectra.
Functional characterisation of tetanus and botulinum neurotoxins binding domains.
Human monomethylarsonic acid (MMA(V)) reductase is a member of the glutathione-S-transferase superfamily.
Functionally inactive protein C inhibitor in seminal plasma may be associated with infertility.
Fructose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase may be an ancestral gluconeogenic enzyme.
Molecular characterization of p.Asp77Gly and the novel p.Ala163Val and p.Ala163Glu mutations causing protein C deficiency.
Clasps are CLIP-115 and -170 associating proteins involved in the regional regulation of microtubule dynamics in motile fibroblasts.
The ER aminopeptidase, ERAP1, trims precursors to lengths of MHC class I peptides by a "molecular ruler" mechanism.
RLIP76 is the major ATP-dependent transporter of glutathione-conjugates and doxorubicin in human erythrocytes.
Rab13-dependent trafficking of RhoA is required for directional migration and angiogenesis.
Regulation of the quiescence-induced genes: quiescin Q6, decorin, and ribosomal protein S29.
mTOR interacts with raptor to form a nutrient-sensitive complex that signals to the cell growth machinery.
Raptor, a binding partner of target of rapamycin (TOR), mediates TOR action.
Interaction between complement receptor gC1qR and hepatitis C virus core protein inhibits T-lymphocyte proliferation.
Regulation of endocytosis of activin type II receptors by a novel PDZ protein through Ral/Ral-binding protein 1-dependent pathway.
Altered podocyte structure in GLEPP1 (Ptpro)-deficient mice associated with hypertension and low glomerular filtration rate.
Involvement of casein kinase Iepsilon in cytokine-induced granulocytic differentiation.
Cloning of DGAT2, a second mammalian diacylglycerol acyltransferase, and related family members.
Involvement of ER-calreticulin-Ca2+ signaling in the regulation of porcine oocyte meiotic maturation and maternal gene expression.
Lgr5 homologues associate with Wnt receptors and mediate R-spondin signalling.
An RNA-binding protein, hnRNP A1, and a scaffold protein, septin 6, facilitate hepatitis C virus replication.
Smaug, a novel RNA-binding protein that operates a translational switch in Drosophila.
Tpl2 transduces CD40 and TNF signals that activate ERK and regulates IgE induction by CD40.
The C. elegans homolog of the p53 tumor suppressor is required for DNA damage-induced apoptosis.
Ribosomal protein S4 is a transcription factor with properties remarkably similar to NusA, a protein involved in both non-ribosomal and ribosomal RNA antitermination.
The phosphofructokinase-B (MJ0406) from Methanocaldococcus jannaschii represents a nucleoside kinase with a broad substrate specificity.
The transcriptional repressor ID2 can interact with the canonical clock components CLOCK and BMAL1 and mediate inhibitory effects on mPer1 expression.
Prostatic acid phosphatase is an ectonucleotidase and suppresses pain by generating adenosine.
Three novel Bid proteins generated by alternative splicing of the human Bid gene.
Regulation of the antioxidant response element by protein kinase C-mediated phosphorylation of NF-E2-related factor 2.
The AhpC and AhpD antioxidant defense system of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Vps22/EAP30 in ESCRT-II mediates endosomal sorting of growth factor and chemokine receptors destined for lysosomal degradation.
The Caenorhabditis elegans APC-related gene apr-1 is required for epithelial cell migration and Hox gene expression.
UTX and JMJD3 are histone H3K27 demethylases involved in HOX gene regulation and development.
An ikaros-containing chromatin-remodeling complex in adult-type erythroid cells.
Abl interactor 1 binds to sos and inhibits epidermal growth factor- and v-Abl-induced activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases.
A metallo-beta-lactamase enzyme in action: crystal structures of the monozinc carbapenemase CphA and its complex with biapenem.
Conservative and nonconservative mutations of the transmembrane CPC motif in ZntA: effect on metal selectivity and activity.
Identification, characterization and leucocyte expression of Siglec-10, a novel human sialic acid-binding receptor.
The transcription factor snail controls epithelial-mesenchymal transitions by repressing E-cadherin expression.
Activation of EphA2 kinase suppresses integrin function and causes focal-adhesion-kinase dephosphorylation.
CHOP is involved in endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced apoptosis by enhancing DR5 expression in human carcinoma cells.
The zinc finger protein A20 inhibits TNF-induced NF-kappaB-dependent gene expression by interfering with an RIP- or TRAF2-mediated transactivation signal and directly binds to a novel NF-kappaB-inhibiting protein ABIN.
The NTP pyrophosphatase DCTPP1 contributes to the homoeostasis and cleansing of the dNTP pool in human cells.
Three v-SNAREs and two t-SNAREs, present in a pentameric cis-SNARE complex on isolated vacuoles, are essential for homotypic fusion.
DACH1 inhibits transforming growth factor-beta signaling through binding Smad4.
Coordination of auxin and ethylene biosynthesis by the aminotransferase VAS1.
Characterization of recombinant human prolyl 3-hydroxylase isoenzyme 2, an enzyme modifying the basement membrane collagen IV.
TMEM175 Is an Organelle K(+) Channel Regulating Lysosomal Function.
Cell adhesion receptor GPR133 couples to Gs protein.
Lipopolysaccharide-activated kinase, an essential component for the induction of the antimicrobial peptide genes in Drosophila melanogaster cells.
Isolation of a laminin-binding protein from muscle cell membranes.
Structures of l-fuculose-1-phosphate aldolase mutants outlining motions during catalysis.
Spastin binds to lipid droplets and affects lipid metabolism.
Dissecting rotavirus particle-raft interaction with small interfering RNAs: insights into rotavirus transit through the secretory pathway.
Cochaperonin CPN20 negatively regulates abscisic acid signaling in Arabidopsis.
Casein kinase I phosphorylates the Armadillo protein and induces its degradation in Drosophila.
Caspase-induced inactivation of the anti-apoptotic TRAF1 during Fas ligand-mediated apoptosis.
Membrane transport in Caenorhabditis elegans: an essential role for VPS34 at the nuclear membrane.
Small CTD phosphatases function in silencing neuronal gene expression.
A comprehensive profile of brain enzymes that hydrolyze the endocannabinoid 2-arachidonoylglycerol.
Yes-associated protein 65 (YAP) expands neural progenitors and regulates Pax3 expression in the neural plate border zone.
Misexpression of the opaque-phase-specific gene PEP1 (SAP1) in the white phase of Candida albicans confers increased virulence in a mouse model of cutaneous infection.
Characterization of a human 20alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase.
DANCE, a novel secreted RGD protein expressed in developing, atherosclerotic, and balloon-injured arteries.
Stereochemistry of the cyclization-rearrangement of (+)-copalyl diphosphate to (-)-abietadiene catalyzed by recombinant abietadiene synthase from Abies grandis.
An alternative splicing variant of the selenoprotein thioredoxin reductase is a modulator of estrogen signaling.
Tolerization of dendritic cells by T(S) cells: the crucial role of inhibitory receptors ILT3 and ILT4.
Metabolic relationships between pyridoxine (vitamin B6) and serine biosynthesis in Escherichia coli K-12.
A cGMP-dependent protein kinase is implicated in wild-type motility in C. elegans.
OPA1 links human mitochondrial genome maintenance to mtDNA replication and distribution.
4-Hydroxyacetophenone monooxygenase from Pseudomonas fluorescens ACB. A novel flavoprotein catalyzing Baeyer-Villiger oxidation of aromatic compounds.
FKBP12 functions as an adaptor of the Smad7-Smurf1 complex on activin type I receptor.
Involvement of the Polycomb-group gene Ring1B in the specification of the anterior-posterior axis in mice.
Systematic analysis of rat 12/15-lipoxygenase enzymes reveals critical role for spinal eLOX3 hepoxilin synthase activity in inflammatory hyperalgesia.
Partial activation precedes apoptotic death in T cells harboring an IAN gene mutation.
Characterization of human constitutive photomorphogenesis protein 1, a RING finger ubiquitin ligase that interacts with Jun transcription factors and modulates their transcriptional activity.
Human mitochondrial mRNAs are stabilized with polyadenylation regulated by mitochondria-specific poly(A) polymerase and polynucleotide phosphorylase.
The Arabidopsis SKP1-LIKE1 gene is essential for male meiosis and may control homologue separation.
The Drosophila receptor guanylyl cyclase Gyc76C is required for semaphorin-1a-plexin A-mediated axonal repulsion.
Hereditary spastic paraplegia proteins   REEP1, spastin, and atlastin-1   coordinate microtubule interactions   with the tubular ER network.
Human nucleoporin p62 and the essential yeast nuclear pore protein NSP1 show sequence homology and a similar domain organization.
Nuclear factor TDP-43 and SR proteins promote in vitro and in vivo CFTR exon 9 skipping.
Cell cycle-regulated phosphorylation of p220(NPAT) by cyclin E/Cdk2 in Cajal bodies promotes histone gene transcription.
NPAT links cyclin E-Cdk2 to the regulation of replication-dependent histone gene transcription.
Study of PTPC composition during apoptosis for identification of viral protein target.
The orphan nuclear receptor RORgammat directs the differentiation program of proinflammatory IL-17+ T helper cells.
Activation of glucosidase via stress-induced polymerization rapidly increases active pools of abscisic acid.
Protein phosphatase 1beta is required for the maintenance of muscle attachments.
Genetic analysis of functional domains within the Drosophila LARK RNA-binding protein.
Tubulogenesis in Drosophila: a requirement for the trachealess gene product.
Network organization of the human autophagy system.
A novel alpha-ketoglutarate reductase activity of the serA-encoded 3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase of Escherichia coli K-12 and its possible implications for human 2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria.
mSlo, a complex mouse gene encoding "maxi" calcium-activated potassium channels.
Foxn1 promotes keratinocyte differentiation by regulating the activity of protein kinase C.
RIG-G as a key mediator of the antiproliferative activity of interferon-related pathways through enhancing p21 and p27 proteins.
Analysis of deletion mutants indicates that the 2A polypeptide of hepatitis A virus participates in virion morphogenesis.
Mechanisms of splicing-dependent trans-synaptic adhesion by PTPδ-IL1RAPL1/IL-1RAcP for synaptic differentiation.
Mutant carbonic anhydrase 4 impairs pH regulation and causes retinal photoreceptor degeneration.
A metalloprotease disintegrin that controls cell migration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular diversity of the NMDA receptor channel.
Phosphohistidine phosphatase 1 (PHPT1) also dephosphorylates phospholysine of chemically phosphorylated histone H1 and polylysine.
CCDC22 deficiency in humans blunts activation of proinflammatory NF-κB signaling.
Functional mutation analysis provides evidence for a role of REEP1 in lipid droplet biology.
A phenylalanine hydroxylase gene from the nematode C. elegans is expressed in the hypodermis.
Functional conservation of light, oxygen, or voltage domains in light sensing.
Components of the CCR4-NOT complex function as nuclear hormone receptor coactivators via association with the NRC-interacting Factor NIF-1.
Methyl-CpG binding protein MBD1 couples histone H3 methylation at lysine 9 by SETDB1 to DNA replication and chromatin assembly.
TCP transcription factors control the morphology of shoot lateral organs via negative regulation of the expression of boundary-specific genes in Arabidopsis.
The CSB protein actively wraps DNA.
An operon encoding aspartokinase and purine phosphoribosyltransferase in Thermus flavus.
The secreted glycoprotein lubricin protects cartilage surfaces and inhibits synovial cell overgrowth.
17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 8 and carbonyl reductase type 4 assemble as a ketoacyl reductase of human mitochondrial FAS.
The GGAs promote ARF-dependent recruitment of clathrin to the TGN.
Cidea is associated with lipid droplets and insulin sensitivity in humans.
Human QKI, a potential regulator of mRNA expression of human oligodendrocyte-related genes involved in schizophrenia.
USP2-45 Is a Circadian Clock Output Effector Regulating Calcium Absorption at the Post-Translational Level.
Kv3.1-Kv3.2 channels underlie a high-voltage-activating component of the delayed rectifier K+ current in projecting neurons from the globus pallidus.
The SV40 large T antigen contains a decoy phosphodegron that mediates its interactions with Fbw7/hCdc4.
T-cell translocation gene 1 (Ttg-1) encodes a nuclear protein normally expressed in neural lineage cells.
Kinetic characterization of the peptidase activity of Escherichia coli Lon reveals the mechanistic similarities in ATP-dependent hydrolysis of peptide and protein substrates.
Evidence that the protein tyrosine phosphatase (PC12,Br7,Sl) gamma (-) isoform modulates chondrogenic patterning and growth.
Tea2p kinesin is involved in spatial microtubule organization by transporting tip1p on microtubules.
Specificity and structure of a high affinity activin receptor-like kinase 1 (ALK1) signaling complex.
Role of a conserved lysine residue in the peripheral cannabinoid receptor (CB2): evidence for subtype specificity.
Grb10 prevents Nedd4-mediated vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 degradation.
Relevance of CD6-mediated interactions in T cell activation and proliferation.
Tumor cell lines expressing the proteasome subunit isoform LMP7E1 exhibit immunoproteasome deficiency.
Structural basis for activation of the titin kinase domain during myofibrillogenesis.
AUX1 regulates root gravitropism in Arabidopsis by facilitating auxin uptake within root apical tissues.
Cohesin cleavage by separase required for anaphase and cytokinesis in human cells.
Synthesis and characterization of huwentoxin-IV, a neurotoxin inhibiting central neuronal sodium channels.
The SHREW1 gene, frequently deleted in oligodendrogliomas, functions to inhibit cell adhesion and migration.
Overexpression of HAX-1 protects cardiac myocytes from apoptosis through caspase-9 inhibition.
Functional analysis of the R1086H malignant hyperthermia mutation in the DHPR reveals an unexpected influence of the III-IV loop on skeletal muscle EC coupling.
Dominant-negative HIF-3 alpha 4 suppresses VHL-null renal cell carcinoma progression.
Characterization of a brain-specific Rho GTPase-activating protein, p200RhoGAP.
WRM-1 activates the LIT-1 protein kinase to transduce anterior/posterior polarity signals in C. elegans.
Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A binds RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRP) NS5B and modulates RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity.
Plastid division and development 
Structural basis for the diversity of DNA recognition by bZIP transcription factors.
Androgen-induced proliferative quiescence in prostate cancer cells: the role of AS3 as its mediator.
Cloning of TRAP, a ligand for CD40 on human T cells.
Crystallographic insights into sodium-channel modulation by the β4 subunit.
Dlg5 regulates dendritic spine formation and synaptogenesis by controlling subcellular N-cadherin localization.
Mammalian TOR complex 2 controls the actin cytoskeleton and is rapamycin insensitive.
Novel regulation of MHC class II function in B cells.
A regulatory cytoplasmic poly(A) polymerase in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Importin alpha3 interacts with HIV-1 integrase and contributes to HIV-1 nuclear import and replication.
NADPH-dependent reductases involved in the detoxification of reactive carbonyls in plants.
Magnesium and phosphate ions enable NAD binding to methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase-methenyltetrahydrofolate cyclohydrolase.
The SCL gene product: a positive regulator of erythroid differentiation.
Increased adhesion and aggregation of platelets lacking cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate kinase I.
Starch binding domain-containing protein 1/genethonin 1 is a novel participant in glycogen metabolism.
Ups1p, a conserved intermembrane space protein, regulates mitochondrial shape and alternative topogenesis of Mgm1p.
Frequency and expression of ALS and HWP1 genotypes in Candida albicans strains isolated from Mexican patients suffering from vaginal candidosis.
Early postnatal lethality and cardiovascular defects in CXCR7-deficient mice.
Reconstitution of the ethanol oxidase respiratory chain in membranes of quinoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase-deficient Gluconobacter suboxydans subsp. alpha strains.
srGAP2 arginine methylation regulates cell migration and cell spreading through promoting dimerization.
A genetic screen identifies the Triple T complex required for DNA damage signaling and ATM and ATR stability.
Suppression of cap-dependent translation in mitosis.
A conserved role of Caenorhabditis elegans CDC-48 in ER-associated protein degradation.
Centromere-specific assembly of CENP-a nucleosomes is mediated by HJURP.
HJURP is a cell-cycle-dependent maintenance and deposition factor of CENP-A at centromeres.
Soluble monomeric EphrinA1 is released from tumor cells and is a functional ligand for the EphA2 receptor.
RAD6-Mediated transcription-coupled H2B ubiquitylation directly stimulates H3K4 methylation in human cells.
SKAP associates with kinetochores and promotes the metaphase-to-anaphase transition.
PARIS (ZNF746) repression of PGC-1α contributes to neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Spc29p is a component of the Spc110p subcomplex and is essential for spindle pole body duplication.
Regulatory and functional interactions between ovarian tumor and ovo during Drosophila oogenesis.
Iodotyrosine dehalogenase 1 (DEHAL1) is a transmembrane protein involved in the recycling of iodide close to the thyroglobulin iodination site.
The interferon signaling antagonist function of yellow fever virus NS5 protein is activated by type I interferon.
Novel genes coding for lithotrophic sulfur oxidation of Paracoccus pantotrophus GB17.
Mitotic checkpoint locus MAD1L1 maps to human chromosome 7p22 and mouse chromosome 5.
Analysis of the interactions between BP180, BP230, plectin and the integrin alpha6beta4 important for hemidesmosome assembly.
Latrophilin 1 and its endogenous ligand Lasso/teneurin-2 form a high-affinity transsynaptic receptor pair with signaling capabilities.
Xwnt11 is a target of Xenopus Brachyury: regulation of gastrulation movements via Dishevelled, but not through the canonical Wnt pathway.
Enhanced clathrin-dependent endocytosis in the absence of calnexin.
DNA wrapping and bending by a mitochondrial high mobility group-like transcriptional activator protein.
Leydig cell loss and spermatogenic arrest in platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF)-A-deficient mice.
painless, a Drosophila gene essential for nociception.
Retrolinkin, a membrane protein, plays an important role in retrograde axonal transport.
Structural basis for the recognition and cleavage of polysialic acid by the bacteriophage K1F tailspike protein EndoNF.
Characterization of common SMPD1 mutations causing types A and B Niemann-Pick disease and generation of mutation-specific mouse models.
Rapid and reversible relocalization of heat shock factor 1 within seconds to nuclear stress granules.
Constitutive expression of the cold-regulated Arabidopsis thaliana COR15a gene affects both chloroplast and protoplast freezing tolerance.
Identification of an agrin mutation that causes congenital myasthenia and affects synapse function.
Sli2 (Ypk1), a homologue of mammalian protein kinase SGK, is a downstream kinase in the sphingolipid-mediated signaling pathway of yeast.
An Arabidopsis cell cycle -dependent kinase-related gene, CDC2b, plays a role in regulating seedling growth in darkness.
AtMYB21, a gene encoding a flower-specific transcription factor, is regulated by COP1.
Azole resistance in Candida glabrata: coordinate upregulation of multidrug transporters and evidence for a Pdr1-like transcription factor.
Nucleolar retention of a translational C/EBPalpha isoform stimulates rDNA transcription and cell size.
A specific activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MEK1) is required for Golgi fragmentation during mitosis.
ADAM9 is involved in pathological retinal neovascularization.
A conserved p38 MAP kinase pathway in Caenorhabditis elegans innate immunity.
Mutations in NOTCH2 cause Hajdu-Cheney syndrome, a disorder of severe and progressive bone loss.
Signal transduction by normal isoforms and W mutant variants of the Kit receptor tyrosine kinase.
Mater, a maternal effect gene required for early embryonic development in mice.
Cutting edge: a novel Toll/IL-1 receptor domain-containing adapter that preferentially activates the IFN-beta promoter in the Toll-like receptor signaling.
BIT, an immune antigen receptor-like molecule in the brain.
Cloning and characterization of an atypical Type IV P-type ATPase that binds to the RING motif of RUSH transcription factors.
Alternative splicing to exon 11 of human prolactin receptor gene results in multiple isoforms including a secreted prolactin-binding protein.
Involvement of phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase in the modulation of prostaglandin D2 synthesis.
Carbonic anhydrase II plays a major role in osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption by effecting the steady state intracellular pH and Ca2+.
Regulation of Integrin β 1 recycling to lipid rafts by Rab1a to promote cell migration.
Signaling via a novel integral plasma membrane pool of a serine/threonine protein kinase PRK1 in mammalian cells.
A calcium-dependent protein kinase can inhibit a calmodulin-stimulated Ca2+ pump (ACA2) located in the endoplasmic reticulum of Arabidopsis.
JAM-1 is a ligand of the beta(2) integrin LFA-1 involved in transendothelial migration of leukocytes.
C1D and hMtr4p associate with the human exosome subunit PM/Scl-100 and are involved in pre-rRNA processing.
A functional screen identifies hDRIL1 as an oncogene that rescues RAS-induced senescence.
Biosynthesis of terpenoids: YgbB protein converts 4-diphosphocytidyl-2C-methyl-D-erythritol 2-phosphate to 2C-methyl-D-erythritol 2,4-cyclodiphosphate.
A missense mutation in PRPF6 causes impairment of pre-mRNA splicing and autosomal-dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
From the Cover: Location analysis of estrogen receptor alpha target promoters reveals that FOXA1 defines a domain of the estrogen response.
Drosophila Futsch/22C10 is a MAP1B-like protein required for dendritic and axonal development.
Regulation of presynaptic terminal organization by C. elegans RPM-1, a putative guanine nucleotide exchanger with a RING-H2 finger domain.
Human and bacterial oxidative demethylases repair alkylation damage in both RNA and DNA.
Lmo2 and Scl/Tal1 convert non-axial mesoderm into haemangioblasts which differentiate into endothelial cells in the absence of Gata1.
Inactivation of G-protein-coupled receptor 48 (Gpr48/Lgr4) impairs definitive erythropoiesis at midgestation through down-regulation of the ATF4 signaling pathway.
Purification and characterization of the membrane-associated components of the maltose transport system from Escherichia coli.
G6b-B inhibits constitutive and agonist-induced signaling by glycoprotein VI and CLEC-2.
Paneth cell trypsin is the processing enzyme for human defensin-5.
In vivo characterization of a thioredoxin h target protein defines a new peroxiredoxin family.
Identification and expression of NEU3, a novel human sialidase associated to the plasma membrane.
The photoreceptor-specific nuclear receptor Nr2e3 interacts with Crx and exerts opposing effects on the transcription of rod versus cone genes.
Initial-rate kinetics of human NMN-adenylyltransferases: substrate and metal ion specificity, inhibition by products and multisubstrate analogues, and isozyme contributions to NAD+ biosynthesis.
Tarsal-less peptides control Notch signalling through the Shavenbaby transcription factor.
Frataxin interacts functionally with mitochondrial electron transport chain proteins.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome-associated small GTPase ARL6 (BBS3) functions at or near the ciliary gate and modulates Wnt signaling.
Identification of a cyclic nucleotide as a cryptic intermediate in molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis.
Shelterin: the protein complex that shapes and safeguards human telomeres.
Genetic analysis of growth cone guidance in Drosophila: fasciclin II functions as a neuronal recognition molecule.
Identification and characterization of the putative human peroxisomal C-terminal targeting signal import receptor.
Human EFO1p exhibits acetyltransferase activity and is a unique combination of linker histone and Ctf7p/Eco1p chromatid cohesion establishment domains.
Selective regulation of the chitin-induced defense response by the Arabidopsis receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase PBL27.
Microtubule-dependent formation of podosomal adhesion structures in primary human macrophages.
The human adenylate kinase 9 is a nucleoside mono- and diphosphate kinase.
Identification of a de novo thymidylate biosynthesis pathway in mammalian mitochondria.
RLIP, an effector of the Ral GTPases, is a platform for Cdk1 to phosphorylate epsin during the switch off of endocytosis in mitosis.
Tuberous sclerosis complex-1 and -2 gene products function together to inhibit mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-mediated downstream signaling.
Yap1 and Skn7 control two specialized oxidative stress response regulons in yeast.
A chloroplast-localized dual-specificity protein phosphatase in Arabidopsis contains a phylogenetically dispersed and ancient carbohydrate-binding domain, which binds the polysaccharide starch.
The class II phosphoinositide 3-kinase PI3K-C2alpha is concentrated in the trans-Golgi network and present in clathrin-coated vesicles.
Selective glucocorticoid receptor translational isoforms reveal glucocorticoid-induced apoptotic transcriptomes.
Nectin-1 binds and signals through the fibroblast growth factor receptor.
Adhesion properties of adhesion-regulating molecule 1 protein on endothelial cells.
Wnt2b controls retinal cell differentiation at the ciliary marginal zone.
The proteasome activator 11 S REG or PA28: chimeras implicate carboxyl-terminal sequences in oligomerization and proteasome binding but not in the activation of specific proteasome catalytic subunits.
Two distinct RNase activities of CRISPR-C2c2 enable guide-RNA processing and RNA detection.
Regulation of PTEN phosphorylation and stability by a tumor suppressor candidate protein.
An LL-diaminopimelate aminotransferase defines a novel variant of the lysine biosynthesis pathway in plants.
Caspase proteolysis of the cohesin component RAD21 promotes apoptosis.
The JAZ family of repressors is the missing link in jasmonate signalling.
Spatial regulation of the exocyst complex by Rho1 GTPase.
The BRI1-associated kinase 1, BAK1, has a brassinolide-independent role in plant cell-death control.
The centriolar satellite protein SSX2IP promotes centrosome maturation.
Purification and characterization of the human PDE4A catalytic domain (PDE4A330-723) expressed in Sf9 cells.
Restricted leucine zipper dimerization and specificity of DNA recognition of the melanocyte master regulator MITF.
Structural analysis of N-acetylglucosamine-6-phosphate deacetylase apoenzyme from Escherichia coli.
Synthesis of neuroactive guanidino compounds by rat kidney L-arginine: glycine amidinotransferase.
G9a/GLP complexes independently mediate H3K9 and DNA methylation to silence transcription.
Mouse MOV10L1 associates with Piwi proteins and is an essential component of the Piwi-interacting RNA (piRNA) pathway.
Protein kinase activity of Tel1p and Mec1p, two Saccharomyces cerevisiae proteins related to the human ATM protein kinase.
The serine/threonine kinase PAK4 prevents caspase activation and protects cells from apoptosis.
Galpha12 directly interacts with PP2A: evidence FOR Galpha12-stimulated PP2A phosphatase activity and dephosphorylation of microtubule-associated protein, tau.
Human serum and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase-like kinase (SGKL) phosphorylates glycogen syntheses kinase 3 beta (GSK-3beta) at serine-9 through direct interaction.
RPP13 is a simple locus in Arabidopsis thaliana for alleles that specify downy mildew resistance to different avirulence determinants in Peronospora parasitica.
Anti-proliferative protein Tob negatively regulates CPEB3 target by recruiting Caf1 deadenylase.
3-Phosphoinositide-dependent PDK1 negatively regulates transforming growth factor-beta-induced signaling in a kinase-dependent manner through physical interaction with Smad proteins.
The C2 domains of the class I Rab11 family of interacting proteins target recycling vesicles to the plasma membrane.
Human BUBR1 is a mitotic checkpoint kinase that monitors CENP-E functions at kinetochores and binds the cyclosome/APC.
Cloning and expression of a novel MAPKK-like protein kinase, lymphokine-activated killer T-cell-originated protein kinase, specifically expressed in the testis and activated lymphoid cells.
mini spindles: A gene encoding a conserved microtubule-associated protein required for the integrity of the mitotic spindle in Drosophila.
Delayed rectifier currents in rat globus pallidus neurons are attributable to Kv2.1 and Kv3.1/3.2 K(+) channels.
Filamin is required for ring canal assembly and actin organization during Drosophila oogenesis.
Systematic analysis in Caenorhabditis elegans reveals that the spindle checkpoint is composed of two largely independent branches.
SnRK1-triggered switch of bZIP63 dimerization mediates the low-energy response in plants.
Macrodomain-containing proteins are new mono-ADP-ribosylhydrolases.
M line-deficient titin causes cardiac lethality through impaired maturation of the sarcomere.
Modification of the erythroid transcription factor GATA-1 by SUMO-1.
Identification of a chloride-formate exchanger expressed on the brush border membrane of renal proximal tubule cells.
TEX14 is essential for intercellular bridges and fertility in male mice.
Phactr4 regulates neural tube and optic fissure closure by controlling PP1-, Rb-, and E2F1-regulated cell-cycle progression.
VASA localization requires the SPRY-domain and SOCS-box containing protein, GUSTAVUS.
The mammalian retromer regulates transcytosis of the polymeric immunoglobulin receptor.
TSAP6 facilitates the secretion of translationally controlled tumor protein/histamine-releasing factor via a nonclassical pathway.
Twitchin kinase interacts with MAPKAP kinase 2 in Caenorhabditis elegans striated muscle.
Mass spectrometry reveals modularity and a complete subunit interaction map of the eukaryotic translation factor eIF3.
p75 neurotrophin receptor regulates glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity.
Pellino 1 is required for interleukin-1 (IL-1)-mediated signaling through its interaction with the IL-1 receptor-associated kinase 4 (IRAK4)-IRAK-tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6) complex.
Characterization of a novel negative regulator (DOC-2/DAB2) of c-Src in normal prostatic epithelium and cancer.
Differential role for CD277 as a co-regulator of the immune signal in T and NK cells.
Vibrio cholerae-induced cellular responses of polarized T84 intestinal epithelial cells are dependent on production of cholera toxin and the RTX toxin.
CD14 is required for MyD88-independent LPS signaling.
Structural basis for specific cleavage of Lys 63-linked polyubiquitin chains.
MINDY-1 Is a Member of an Evolutionarily Conserved and Structurally Distinct New Family of Deubiquitinating Enzymes.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha receptor- and Fas-associated FLASH inhibit transcriptional activity of the glucocorticoid receptor by binding to and interfering with its interaction with p160 type nuclear receptor coactivators.
Identification of a posttranslational mechanism for the regulation of hERG1 K+ channel expression and hERG1 current density in tumor cells.
MPYS, a novel membrane tetraspanner, is associated with major histocompatibility complex class II and mediates transduction of apoptotic signals.
Control of salicylic acid synthesis and systemic acquired resistance by two members of a plant-specific family of transcription factors.
OS-9 regulates the transit and polyubiquitination of TRPV4 in the endoplasmic reticulum.
The rfaD gene codes for ADP-L-glycero-D-mannoheptose-6-epimerase. An enzyme required for lipopolysaccharide core biosynthesis.
TRAP150 activates pre-mRNA splicing and promotes nuclear mRNA degradation.
Crystallographic studies on human BST-1/CD157 with ADP-ribosyl cyclase and NAD glycohydrolase activities.
Leucine-rich repeat and WD repeat-containing protein 1 is recruited to pericentric heterochromatin by trimethylated lysine 9 of histone H3 and maintains heterochromatin silencing.
Regulation of chemosensory receptor expression and sensory signaling by the KIN-29 Ser/Thr kinase.
Functional analysis of the cellulose synthase genes CesA1, CesA2, and CesA3 in Arabidopsis.
The Aspergillus fumigatus siderophore biosynthetic gene sidA, encoding L-ornithine N5-oxygenase, is required for virulence.
Dosage-dependent transcriptional regulation by the calcineurin/NFAT signaling in developing myocardium transition.
Group III human metabotropic glutamate receptors 4, 7 and 8: molecular cloning, functional expression, and comparison of pharmacological properties in RGT cells.
Regulation of nuclear localization and transcriptional activity of TFII-I by Bruton's tyrosine kinase.
Histidine-193 of rat glucosylceramide synthase resides in a UDP-glucose- and inhibitor (D-threo-1-phenyl-2-decanoylamino-3-morpholinopropan-1-ol)-binding region: a biochemical and mutational study.
Hotspots organize clathrin-mediated endocytosis by efficient recruitment and retention of nucleating resources.
Marlin-1, a novel RNA-binding protein associates with GABA receptors.
Neutralization of hepatitis A virus (HAV) by an immunoadhesin containing the cysteine-rich region of HAV cellular receptor-1.
Reconstitution of G1 cyclin ubiquitination with complexes containing SCFGrr1 and Rbx1.
Structural and biochemical studies of p21Ras S-nitrosylation and nitric oxide-mediated guanine nucleotide exchange.
A mouse gene related to Distal-less shows a restricted expression in the developing forebrain.
Stabilization of the transcription factor Foxp3 by the deubiquitinase USP7 increases Treg-cell-suppressive capacity.
The ubiquitin ligase Stub1 negatively modulates regulatory T cell suppressive activity by promoting degradation of the transcription factor Foxp3.
Recruitment of the actin-binding protein HIP-55 to the immunological synapse regulates T cell receptor signaling and endocytosis.
The RNA binding domains of the nuclear poly(A)-binding protein.
Function and solution structure of huwentoxin-IV, a potent neuronal tetrodotoxin (TTX)-sensitive sodium channel antagonist from Chinese bird spider Selenocosmia huwena.
Axonal guidance protein FEZ1 associates with tubulin and kinesin motor protein to transport mitochondria in neurites of NGF-stimulated PC12 cells.
Single-Myb-histone proteins from Arabidopsis thaliana: a quantitative study of telomere-binding specificity and kinetics.
The Escherichia coli sigma(E)-dependent extracytoplasmic stress response is controlled by the regulated proteolysis of an anti-sigma factor.
TRAP1 rescues PINK1 loss-of-function phenotypes.
Identification of a new class of protein kinases represented by eukaryotic elongation factor-2 kinase.
Purification and characterization of poliovirus polypeptide 3CD, a proteinase and a precursor for RNA polymerase.
The PrpC serine-threonine phosphatase and PrkC kinase have opposing physiological roles in stationary-phase Bacillus subtilis cells.
Tyr-167/Trp-168 in type 1/3 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor mediates functional coupling between ligand binding and channel opening.
Endocytosis and degradation of BOR1, a boron transporter of Arabidopsis thaliana, regulated by boron availability.
Ectodysplasin, a protein required for epithelial morphogenesis, is a novel TNF homologue and promotes cell-matrix adhesion.
Distinct octopamine cell population residing in the CNS abdominal ganglion controls ovulation in Drosophila melanogaster.
Identification and characterization of a cell cycle and apoptosis regulatory protein-1 as a novel mediator of apoptosis signaling by retinoid CD437.
CDPKs CPK6 and CPK3 function in ABA regulation of guard cell S-type anion- and Ca(2+)-permeable channels and stomatal closure.
The structure of threonyl-tRNA synthetase-tRNA(Thr) complex enlightens its repressor activity and reveals an essential zinc ion in the active site.
A temperature-dependent switch from chaperone to protease in a widely conserved heat shock protein.
A late role for the association of hnRNP A2 with the HIV-1 hnRNP A2 response elements in genomic RNA, Gag, and Vpr localization.
IQGAP1 translocates to the nucleus in early S-phase and contributes to cell cycle progression after DNA replication arrest.
Inflammasome Activation Triggers Caspase-1-Mediated Cleavage of cGAS to Regulate Responses to DNA Virus Infection.
A single enzyme catalyses formation of Trypanothione from glutathione and spermidine in Trypanosoma cruzi.
Characterization of high-molecular-mass forms of basic fibroblast growth factor produced by hepatocellular carcinoma cells: possible involvement of basic fibroblast growth factor in hepatocarcinogenesis.
OTULIN antagonizes LUBAC signaling by specifically hydrolyzing Met1-linked polyubiquitin.
CHD5 is a tumor suppressor at human 1p36.
A mutation in the Arabidopsis HYL1 gene encoding a dsRNA binding protein affects responses to abscisic acid, auxin, and cytokinin.
SHREC, an effector complex for heterochromatic transcriptional silencing.
WSTF-ISWI chromatin remodeling complex targets heterochromatic replication foci.
Blm3 is part of nascent proteasomes and is involved in a late stage of nuclear proteasome assembly.
Two mitotic kinesins cooperate to drive sister chromatid separation during anaphase.
The linkage of Kennedy's neuron disease to ARA24, the first identified androgen receptor polyglutamine region-associated coactivator.
Characterization of E3Histone, a novel testis ubiquitin protein ligase which ubiquitinates histones.
Characterization of the components of the putative mammalian sister chromatid cohesion complex.
Biochemical and molecular characterization of two phosphatidic acid-selective phospholipase A1s, mPA-PLA1alpha and mPA-PLA1beta.
WNT signals control FGF-dependent limb initiation and AER induction in the chick embryo.
AFF4, a component of the ELL/P-TEFb elongation complex and a shared subunit of MLL chimeras, can link transcription elongation to leukemia.
Proteolytic processing of foot-and-mouth disease virus polyproteins expressed in a cell-free system from clone-derived transcripts.
The Doa locus encodes a member of a new protein kinase family and is essential for eye and embryonic development in Drosophila melanogaster.
Sorting nexin 4 and amphiphysin 2, a new partnership between endocytosis and intracellular trafficking.
Activation of MK5/PRAK by the atypical MAP kinase ERK3 defines a novel signal transduction pathway.
Cellular distribution and functions of wild-type and constitutively activated Dictyostelium PakB.
GlyR alpha3: an essential target for spinal PGE2-mediated inflammatory pain sensitization.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa lipid A deacylase: selection for expression and loss within the cystic fibrosis airway.
CARM1 regulates proliferation of PC12 cells by methylating HuD.
Cloning and expression of the beta- and gamma-subunits of the human epithelial sodium channel.
Cactin targets the MHC class III protein IkappaB-like (IkappaBL) and inhibits NF-kappaB and interferon-regulatory factor signaling pathways.
Two distinct sets of NS2A molecules are responsible for dengue virus RNA synthesis and virion assembly.
Golgi alkaline ceramidase regulates cell proliferation and survival by controlling levels of sphingosine and S1P.
Cytotoxic cell granule-mediated apoptosis: perforin delivers granzyme B-serglycin complexes into target cells without plasma membrane pore formation.
FcgammaRI-deficient mice show multiple alterations to inflammatory and immune responses.
Acute carbon dioxide avoidance in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cryo-EM structure of a human spliceosome activated for step 2 of splicing.
Persistence of platelet thrombus formation in arterioles of mice lacking both von Willebrand factor and fibrinogen.
Identification and characterization of a myristylated and palmitylated serine/threonine protein kinase.
Substrate specificities of three members of the human UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine:Polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase family, GalNAc-T1, -T2, and -T3.
Site-selective dephosphorylation of the platelet-derived growth factor beta-receptor by the receptor-like protein-tyrosine phosphatase DEP-1.
Fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptor 1-IIIb is a naturally occurring functional receptor for FGFs that is preferentially expressed in the skin and the brain.
The recycling endosome protein Rab17 regulates melanocytic filopodia formation and melanosome trafficking.
Loss of cyclophilin D reveals a critical role for mitochondrial permeability transition in cell death.
Identification of neuromedin U precursor-related peptide and its possible role in the regulation of prolactin release.
Possible role of direct Rac1-Rab7 interaction in ruffled border formation of osteoclasts.
Regulation of transport of the angiotensin AT2 receptor by a novel membrane-associated Golgi protein.
Role of proteins of the Ena/VASP family in actin-based motility of Listeria monocytogenes.
Monounsaturated fatty acid modification of Wnt protein: its role in Wnt secretion.
Emi1 is a mitotic regulator that interacts with Cdc20 and inhibits the anaphase promoting complex.
PNG1, a yeast gene encoding a highly conserved peptide:N-glycanase.
WUSCHEL is a primary target for transcriptional regulation by SPLAYED in dynamic control of stem cell fate in Arabidopsis.
Purification, characterization, and biosynthesis of human acid ceramidase.
Brønsted analysis reveals Lys218 as the carboxylase active site base that deprotonates vitamin K hydroquinone to initiate vitamin K-dependent protein carboxylation.
Endogenous protein kinase CK2 participates in Wnt signaling in mammary epithelial cells.
Molecular characterization of the PhoP-PhoQ two-component system in Escherichia coli K-12: identification of extracellular Mg2+-responsive promoters.
Evasion of the innate immune response: the Old World alphavirus nsP2 protein induces rapid degradation of Rpb1, a catalytic subunit of RNA polymerase II.
Structure and concentration changes affect characterization of UGT isoform-specific metabolism of isoflavones.
In vitro reconstitution of SARS-coronavirus mRNA cap methylation.
The appended C-domain of human methionyl-tRNA synthetase has a tRNA-sequestering function.
The familial Parkinsonism gene LRRK2 regulates neurite process morphology.
Evidence for MR1 antigen presentation to mucosal-associated invariant T cells.
Munc18-2 deficiency causes familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis type 5 and impairs cytotoxic granule exocytosis in patient NK cells.
ywfE in Bacillus subtilis codes for a novel enzyme, L-amino acid ligase.
Initiation of the TORC1-regulated G0 program requires Igo1/2, which license specific mRNAs to evade degradation via the 5'-3' mRNA decay pathway.
Ligand-specific deactivation time course of GluN1/GluN2D NMDA receptors.
Molecular basis for the interaction of the mammalian amino acid transporters B0AT1 and B0AT3 with their ancillary protein collectrin.
Human Nopp140, which interacts with RNA polymerase I: implications for rRNA gene transcription and nucleolar structural organization.
AGE/RAGE produces endothelial dysfunction in coronary arterioles in type 2 diabetic mice.
The KLHL12-Cullin-3 ubiquitin ligase negatively regulates the Wnt-beta-catenin pathway by targeting Dishevelled for degradation.
ROC1, a homolog of APC11, represents a family of cullin partners with an associated ubiquitin ligase activity.
ATMPK4, an Arabidopsis homolog of mitogen-activated protein kinase, is activated in vitro by AtMEK1 through threonine phosphorylation.
Small molecules that enhance the catalytic efficiency of HLA-DM.
Transthyretin: a choroid plexus-specific transport protein in human brain. The 1986 S. Weir Mitchell award.
Myosin II motor proteins with different functions determine the fate of lamellipodia extension during cell spreading.
The human vaccinia-related kinase 1 (VRK1) phosphorylates threonine-18 within the mdm-2 binding site of the p53 tumour suppressor protein.
Human 20S proteasome activity towards fluorogenic peptides of various chain lengths.
RRP5 is required for formation of both 18S and 5.8S rRNA in yeast.
TRAF3 forms heterotrimers with TRAF2 and modulates its ability to mediate NF-{kappa}B activation.
CoREST is an integral component of the CoREST- human histone deacetylase complex.
THAP5 is a human cardiac-specific inhibitor of cell cycle that is cleaved by the proapoptotic Omi/HtrA2 protease during cell death.
Role for a Drosophila Myb-containing protein complex in site-specific DNA replication.
Functional genomic screen for modulators of ciliogenesis and cilium length.
DAI/ZBP1 recruits RIP1 and RIP3 through RIP homotypic interaction motifs to activate NF-kappaB.
Artemis, a novel DNA double-strand break repair/V(D)J recombination protein, is mutated in human severe combined immune deficiency.
Platelet-derived growth factor receptor beta regulates migration and DNA synthesis in metanephric mesenchymal cells.
The atypical Rho GTPases Miro-1 and Miro-2 have essential roles in mitochondrial trafficking.
A novel role for the beta 2 integrin CD11b/CD18 in neutrophil apoptosis: a homeostatic mechanism in inflammation.
The high-resolution crystal structure of periplasmic Haemophilus influenzae NAD nucleotidase reveals a novel enzymatic function of human CD73 related to NAD metabolism.
A novel Arabidopsis gene causes Bax-like lethality in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
An O-glycosyltransferase promotes cell adhesion during development by influencing secretion of an extracellular matrix integrin ligand.
Recruitment of Mad2 to the kinetochore requires the Rod/Zw10 complex.
Myosin VIIA defects, which underlie the Usher 1B syndrome in humans, lead to deafness in Drosophila.
Normal hemostasis but defective hematopoietic response to growth factors in mice deficient in phospholipid scramblase 1.
A novel noncanonical Wnt pathway is involved in the regulation of the asymmetric B cell division in C. elegans.
A novel F-box protein is required for caspase activation during cellular remodeling in Drosophila.
High calcium permeability and calcium block of the alpha9 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Frizzled-5, a receptor for the synaptic organizer Wnt7a, regulates activity-mediated synaptogenesis.
Translational homeostasis via the mRNA cap-binding protein, eIF4E.
NMR structures of the transmembrane domains of the α4β2 nAChR.
The tetraspanin CD151 in papillomavirus infection.
AIP1 mediates TNF-alpha-induced ASK1 activation by facilitating dissociation of ASK1 from its inhibitor 14-3-3.
Herpesviral protein targets a cellular WD repeat endosomal protein to downregulate T lymphocyte receptor expression.
F-box protein FBXO31 mediates cyclin D1 degradation to induce G1 arrest after DNA damage.
Biochemical and pharmacogenetic dissection of human steroid 5 alpha-reductase type II.
Functional properties of multiple synaptotagmins in brain.
Roles for both FtsA and the FtsBLQ subcomplex in FtsN-stimulated cell constriction in Escherichia coli.
Crystal structure of the HGF beta-chain in complex with the Sema domain of the Met receptor.
7SK small nuclear RNA binds to and inhibits the activity of CDK9/cyclin T complexes.
Reconstitution of a minimal mtDNA replisome in vitro.
Activating interactions in human NK cell recognition: the role of 2B4-CD48.
Cloning and functional expression of a rat brain corticotropin releasing factor (CRF) receptor.
Accelerated degradation of HMG CoA reductase mediated by binding of insig-1 to its sterol-sensing domain.
Identification of three putative signal transduction genes involved in R gene-specified disease resistance in Arabidopsis.
Synthesis of diphosphoinositol pentakisphosphate by a newly identified family of higher inositol polyphosphate kinases.
A novel regulatory mechanism of MAP kinases activation and nuclear translocation mediated by PKA and the PTP-SL tyrosine phosphatase.
Tissue-dependent isoforms of mammalian Fox-1 homologs are associated with tissue-specific splicing activities.
Glycine and taurine conjugation of bile acids by a single enzyme. Molecular cloning and expression of human liver bile acid CoA:amino acid N-acyltransferase.
Polyubiquitin binding to ABIN1 is required to prevent autoimmunity.
The Rho GTPase inactivation domain in Vibrio cholerae MARTX toxin has a circularly permuted papain-like thiol protease fold.
31P NMR and genetic analysis establish hinT as the only Escherchia coli purine nucleoside phosphoramidase and as essential for growth under high salt conditions.
The recycling and transcytotic pathways for IgG transport by FcRn are distinct and display an inherent polarity.
Amino acid sequence of human liver cathepsin B.
A novel regulator of G protein signalling in yeast, Rgs2, downregulates glucose-activation of the cAMP pathway through direct inhibition of Gpa2.
Characterization of the 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase ubiquitin-like family.
RACK1, an insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) receptor-interacting protein, modulates IGF-I-dependent integrin signaling and promotes cell spreading and contact with extracellular matrix.
The A20-binding protein ABIN-2 exerts unexpected function in mediating transcriptional coactivation.
Desmuslin, an intermediate filament protein that interacts with alpha -dystrobrevin and desmin.
REUL is a novel E3 ubiquitin ligase and stimulator of retinoic-acid-inducible gene-I.
Cpf1 is a single RNA-guided endonuclease of a class 2 CRISPR-Cas system.
The ubiquitin ligase component Siah1a is required for completion of meiosis I in male mice.
FASCIATA genes for chromatin assembly factor-1 in arabidopsis maintain the cellular organization of apical meristems.
A role for Saccharomyces cerevisiae histone H2A in DNA repair.
Glutaminyl cyclases unfold glutamyl cyclase activity under mild acid conditions.
The integrin alpha v beta 6 binds and activates latent TGF beta 1: a mechanism for regulating pulmonary inflammation and fibrosis.
NRROS negatively regulates reactive oxygen species during host defence and autoimmunity.
Juno is the egg Izumo receptor and is essential for mammalian fertilization.
The JIL-1 tandem kinase mediates histone H3 phosphorylation and is required for maintenance of chromatin structure in Drosophila.
Phosphorylation of the cohesin subunit Scc1 by Polo/Cdc5 kinase regulates sister chromatid separation in yeast.
The transcription factor associated Ccr4 and Caf1 proteins are components of the major cytoplasmic mRNA deadenylase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Active-site mutagenesis of a Lys49-phospholipase A2: biological and membrane-disrupting activities in the absence of catalysis.
Interactions among yeast protein-disulfide isomerase proteins and endoplasmic reticulum chaperone proteins influence their activities.
Lsh, a SNF2 family member, is required for normal murine development.
Signaling property study of adhesion G-protein-coupled receptors.
Myocilin interacts with syntrophins and is member of dystrophin-associated protein complex.
Developmental genetics of the essential Drosophila nucleoporin nup154: allelic differences due to an outward-directed promoter in the P-element 3' end.
The catalytic mechanism of glutamyl-tRNA synthetase of Escherichia coli. Evidence for a two-step aminoacylation pathway, and study of the reactivity of the intermediate complex.
B and C floral organ identity functions require SEPALLATA MADS-box genes.
CEP41 is mutated in Joubert syndrome and is required for tubulin glutamylation at the cilium.
Molecular machinery for non-vesicular trafficking of ceramide.
Human alpha1 type IV collagen NC1 domain exhibits distinct antiangiogenic activity mediated by alpha1beta1 integrin.
A novel mode of RBD-protein recognition in the Y14-Mago complex.
ATF-2 has intrinsic histone acetyltransferase activity which is modulated by phosphorylation.
Methylation at lysine 4 of histone H3 in ecdysone-dependent development of Drosophila.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 3-mediated activating transcription factor 1 phosphorylation enhances cell transformation.
Hedgehog signalling in the mouse requires intraflagellar transport proteins.
Regulation of cyclin D1 RNA stability by SNIP1.
A novel human AlkB homologue, ALKBH8, contributes to human bladder cancer progression.
MiRP1 forms IKr potassium channels with HERG and is associated with cardiac arrhythmia.
Enzymatic properties of human 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 1alpha-hydroxylase coexpression with adrenodoxin and NADPH-adrenodoxin reductase in Escherichia coli.
Reticulon family members modulate BACE1 activity and amyloid-beta peptide generation.
VASA mediates translation through interaction with a Drosophila yIF2 homolog.
Hartnup disorder is caused by mutations in the gene encoding the neutral amino acid transporter SLC6A19.
Rack1 binds HIV-1 Nef and can act as a Nef-protein kinase C adaptor.
The role of c-FLIP in modulation of CD95-induced apoptosis.
Functional connection between p53 and caspase-2 is essential for apoptosis induced by DNA damage.
The RNF8/RNF168 ubiquitin ligase cascade facilitates class switch recombination.
Post-translational tyrosine nitration of eosinophil granule toxins mediated by eosinophil peroxidase.
Defective membrane repair in dysferlin-deficient muscular dystrophy.
Characterization of KCNQ5/Q3 potassium channels expressed in mammalian cells.
The death-associated protein kinase 2 is up-regulated during normal myeloid differentiation and enhances neutrophil maturation in myeloid leukemic cells.
The exon-junction-complex-component metastatic lymph node 51 functions in stress-granule assembly.
BRD4 is an atypical kinase that phosphorylates serine2 of the RNA polymerase II carboxy-terminal domain.
Exome sequencing identifies frequent mutation of the SWI/SNF complex gene PBRM1 in renal carcinoma.
Structure of Epac2 in complex with a cyclic AMP analogue and RAP1B.
Structural basis for inactivation of the human pyruvate dehydrogenase complex by phosphorylation: role of disordered phosphorylation loops.
Assembly of centrosomal proteins and microtubule organization depends on PCM-1.
Proteomic analysis of human Nop56p-associated pre-ribosomal ribonucleoprotein complexes. Possible link between Nop56p and the nucleolar protein treacle responsible for Treacher Collins syndrome.
Functional diversity of the Drosophila PGRP-LC gene cluster in the response to lipopolysaccharide and peptidoglycan.
Molecular cloning of an N-terminal splice variant of the capsaicin receptor. Loss of N-terminal domain suggests functional divergence among capsaicin receptor subtypes.
Human SHPRH is a ubiquitin ligase for Mms2-Ubc13-dependent polyubiquitylation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen.
Internalization of CD26 by mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor II receptor contributes to T cell activation.
Exosome-related multi-pass transmembrane protein TSAP6 is a target of rhomboid protease RHBDD1-induced proteolysis.
ASPM is a major determinant of cerebral cortical size.
Membrane translocation of 15-lipoxygenase in hematopoietic cells is calcium-dependent and activates the oxygenase activity of the enzyme.
TFIIH is negatively regulated by cdk8-containing mediator complexes.
The Arabidopsis mutant cev1 has constitutively active jasmonate and ethylene signal pathways and enhanced resistance to pathogens.
Induction of Siglec-G by RNA viruses inhibits the innate immune response by promoting RIG-I degradation.
WIPI3 and WIPI4 β-propellers are scaffolds for LKB1-AMPK-TSC signalling circuits in the control of autophagy.
Isolation, amino acid sequence and functional assays of SGTx1. The first toxin purified from the venom of the spider scodra griseipes.
Methylation-mediated transcriptional silencing in euchromatin by methyl-CpG binding protein MBD1 isoforms.
Role of PHABULOSA and PHAVOLUTA in determining radial patterning in shoots.
Deletion of the GRE3 aldose reductase gene and its influence on xylose metabolism in recombinant strains of Saccharomyces cerevisiae expressing the xylA and XKS1 genes.
Cdc2 and Cdk2 kinase activated by transforming growth factor-beta1 trigger apoptosis through the phosphorylation of retinoblastoma protein in FaO hepatoma cells.
Expression, purification and crystallization of human 3'-phosphoadenosine-5'-phosphosulfate synthetase 1.
Homology between egg white sulfhydryl oxidase and quiescin Q6 defines a new class of flavin-linked sulfhydryl oxidases.
Evaluation of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), its homologue ACE2 and neprilysin in angiotensin peptide metabolism.
Biochemical characterization of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis phosphoribosyl-1-pyrophosphate synthetase.
Regulation of adipogenesis by a transcriptional repressor that modulates MAPK activation.
DC-SIGN (CD209) mediates dengue virus infection of human dendritic cells.
CESA TRAFFICKING INHIBITOR inhibits cellulose deposition and interferes with the trafficking of cellulose synthase complexes and their associated proteins KORRIGAN1 and POM2/CELLULOSE SYNTHASE INTERACTIVE PROTEIN1.
Zinc finger protein, Hzf, is required for megakaryocyte development and hemostasis.
Identification of a new tumor suppressor gene located at chromosome 8p21.3-22.
Two type V myosins with non-overlapping functions in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe: Myo52 is concerned with growth polarity and cytokinesis, Myo51 is a component of the cytokinetic actin ring.
tramtrack is a transcriptional repressor required for cell fate determination in the Drosophila eye.
Identification of ID-1 as a potential target gene of MMSET in multiple myeloma.
An essential glutamyl residue in EmrE, a multidrug antiporter from Escherichia coli.
Regulation of the erythroid transcription factor NF-E2 by cyclic adenosine monophosphate-dependent protein kinase.
The carboxy-terminal Neh3 domain of Nrf2 is required for transcriptional activation.
CARD14 alterations in Tunisian patients with psoriasis and further characterization in European cohorts.
Structural basis for a major histocompatibility complex class Ib-restricted T cell response.
LST8 regulates cell growth via target-of-rapamycin complex 2 (TORC2).
PTK7/CCK-4 is a novel regulator of planar cell polarity in vertebrates.
Identification of critical residues of choline kinase A2 from Caenorhabditis elegans.
The Drosophila transcription factor tramtrack (TTK) interacts with Trithorax-like (GAGA) and represses GAGA-mediated activation.
Differential actions of p60c-Src and Lck kinases on the Ras regulators p120-GAP and GDP/GTP exchange factor CDC25Mm.
Identification and characterization of an 8-kDa light chain associated with Dictyostelium discoideum MyoB, a class I myosin.
Formation of immature and mature genomic RNA dimers in wild-type and protease-inactive HIV-1: differential roles of the Gag polyprotein, nucleocapsid proteins NCp15, NCp9, NCp7, and the dimerization initiation site.
Argonaute2, a link between genetic and biochemical analyses of RNAi.
Comparison of "type I" and "type II" organic cation transport by organic cation transporters and organic anion-transporting polypeptides.
CSN controls NF-kappaB by deubiquitinylation of IkappaBalpha.
Drosophila RNAi screen reveals CD36 family member required for mycobacterial infection.
ING tumor suppressor proteins are critical regulators of chromatin acetylation required for genome expression and perpetuation.
The methyltransferase YfgB/RlmN is responsible for modification of adenosine 2503 in 23S rRNA.
P-, E-, and L-selectin mediate migration of activated CD8+ T lymphocytes into inflamed skin.
The guanine nucleotide exchange factor CNrasGEF regulates melanogenesis and cell survival in melanoma cells.
Structural basis of kynurenine 3-monooxygenase inhibition.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human alkaline ceramidase. A mammalian enzyme that hydrolyzes phytoceramide.
Noncanonical MMS2-encoded ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme functions in assembly of novel polyubiquitin chains for DNA repair.
Sprouty, an intracellular inhibitor of Ras signaling.
A potent inhibitor of endothelial cell proliferation is generated by proteolytic cleavage of the chemokine platelet factor 4.
Myosin VIIa and sans localization at stereocilia upper tip-link density implicates these Usher syndrome proteins in mechanotransduction.
Mutations in proto-oncogene GFI1 cause human neutropenia and target ELA2.
Prostate cancer cell migration induced by myopodin isoforms is associated with formation of morphologically and biochemically distinct actin networks.
Evidence for a pioneer round of mRNA translation: mRNAs subject to nonsense-mediated decay in mammalian cells are bound by CBP80 and CBP20.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1beta (PGC-1beta ), a novel PGC-1-related transcription coactivator associated with host cell factor.
Myc interacts genetically with Tip48/Reptin and Tip49/Pontin to control growth and proliferation during Drosophila development.
The human p50csk tyrosine kinase phosphorylates p56lck at Tyr-505 and down regulates its catalytic activity.
Transgenic mice expressing dominant-negative activin receptor IB in forebrain neurons reveal novel functions of activin at glutamatergic synapses.
YhbO protects cells against multiple stresses.
Rak functions as a tumor suppressor by regulating PTEN protein stability and function.
Drosophila Nemo antagonizes BMP signaling by phosphorylation of Mad and inhibition of its nuclear accumulation.
Asprosin, a Fasting-Induced Glucogenic Protein Hormone.
Cloning of the NCX2 isoform of the plasma membrane Na(+)-Ca2+ exchanger.
Regulation of androgen receptor transcriptional activity and specificity by RNF6-induced ubiquitination.
Suppression of type I interferon production by porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and degradation of CREB-binding protein by nsp1.
Fission yeast Rad50 stimulates sister chromatid recombination and links cohesion with repair.
Activation of p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), but not c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase, induces phosphorylation and stabilization of MAPK phosphatase XCL100 in Xenopus oocytes.
Glycosyl modification facilitates homo- and hetero-oligomerization of the serotonin transporter. A specific role for sialic acid residues.
KORRIGAN, an Arabidopsis endo-1,4-beta-glucanase, localizes to the cell plate by polarized targeting and is essential for cytokinesis.
The use of liposomes to study COPII- and COPI-coated vesicle formation and membrane protein sorting.
Participation of the syntaxin 5/Ykt6/GS28/GS15 SNARE complex in transport from the early/recycling endosome to the trans-Golgi network.
Malonyl coenzyme a decarboxylase inhibition protects the ischemic heart by inhibiting fatty acid oxidation and stimulating glucose oxidation.
The Abelson tyrosine kinase, the Trio GEF and Enabled interact with the Netrin receptor Frazzled in Drosophila.
Drosophila melanogaster Cad99C, the orthologue of human Usher cadherin PCDH15, regulates the length of microvilli.
FHY1: a phytochrome A-specific signal transducer.
The Hsp70 peptide-binding domain determines the interaction of the ATPase domain with Tim44 in mitochondria.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor Cph2 regulates hyphal development in Candida albicans partly via TEC1.
The Drosophila fish-hook gene encodes a HMG domain protein essential for segmentation and CNS development.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of three WD-repeat-domain-containing inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatases in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Activation of the antioxidant enzyme 1-CYS peroxiredoxin requires glutathionylation mediated by heterodimerization with pi GST.
Regulation of RAS oncogenicity by acetylation.
HEN1 functions pleiotropically in Arabidopsis development and acts in C function in the flower.
Role for the fission yeast RecQ helicase in DNA repair in G2.
Isolation and characterization of the three polypeptide components of 4-chlorobenzoate dehalogenase from Pseudomonas sp. strain CBS-3.
gammaCOP is required for apical protein secretion and epithelial morphogenesis in Drosophila melanogaster.
Rum1, an inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase in fission yeast, is negatively regulated by mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated phosphorylation at Ser and Thr residues.
A tetrodotoxin-resistant voltage-gated sodium channel from human dorsal root ganglia, hPN3/SCN10A.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA gyrase: interaction with quinolones and correlation with antimycobacterial drug activity.
Deletion of the protein kinase A/protein kinase G target SMTNL1 promotes an exercise-adapted phenotype in vascular smooth muscle.
Inhibition of HIV-1 gene expression by a fragment of hnRNP U.
UBE2T is the E2 in the Fanconi anemia pathway and undergoes negative autoregulation.
TC-1 is a novel tumorigenic and natively disordered protein associated with thyroid cancer.
Structure and mechanism of the phosphotyrosyl phosphatase activator.
Stability of plant defense proteins in the gut of insect herbivores.
Mutations in CSTA, encoding Cystatin A, underlie exfoliative ichthyosis and reveal a role for this protease inhibitor in cell-cell adhesion.
Functional analysis of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae YFR021w/YGR223c/YPL100w ORF family suggests relations to mitochondrial/peroxisomal functions and amino acid signalling pathways.
Pumilio is essential for function but not for distribution of the Drosophila abdominal determinant Nanos.
Characterization of Arabidopsis glutamine phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate amidotransferase-deficient mutants.
Identification of genes required for embryo development in Arabidopsis.
Stable X chromosome inactivation involves the PRC1 Polycomb complex and requires histone MACROH2A1 and the CULLIN3/SPOP ubiquitin E3 ligase.
corkscrew encodes a putative protein tyrosine phosphatase that functions to transduce the terminal signal from the receptor tyrosine kinase torso.
Isolation and characterization of plant genes coding for acetolactate synthase, the target enzyme for two classes of herbicides.
Morphogenesis in the absence of integrins: mutation of both Drosophila beta subunits prevents midgut migration.
Human coronavirus NL63 employs the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus receptor for cellular entry.
An FHA phosphoprotein recognition domain mediates protein EmbR phosphorylation by PknH, a Ser/Thr protein kinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Lack of huntingtin-associated protein-1 causes neuronal death resembling hypothalamic degeneration in Huntington's disease.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of rat gamma-trimethylaminobutyraldehyde dehydrogenase and evidence for the involvement of human aldehyde dehydrogenase 9 in carnitine biosynthesis.
A polarized epithelium organized by beta- and alpha-catenin predates cadherin and metazoan origins.
Proton sensitivity of ASIC1 appeared with the rise of fishes by changes of residues in the region that follows TM1 in the ectodomain of the channel.
Pseudopodium-enriched atypical kinase 1 regulates the cytoskeleton and cancer progression [corrected].
Identification and characterization of a set of conserved and new regulators of cytoskeletal organization, cell morphology and migration.
Small GTPase determinants for the Golgi processing and plasmalemmal expression of human ether-a-go-go related (hERG) K+ channels.
Specificity of MAP kinase signaling in yeast differentiation involves transient versus sustained MAPK activation.
The C. elegans homolog of nucleoporin Nup98 is required for the integrity and function of germline P granules.
Members of the HRT family of basic helix-loop-helix proteins act as transcriptional repressors downstream of Notch signaling.
The T-box transcription factor Tbx18 maintains the separation of anterior and posterior somite compartments.
Identification of hTAF(II)80 delta links apoptotic signaling pathways to transcription factor TFIID function.
TUT4 in concert with Lin28 suppresses microRNA biogenesis through pre-microRNA uridylation.
Crystal structure of the human estrogen sulfotransferase-PAPS complex: evidence for catalytic role of Ser137 in the sulfuryl transfer reaction.
A large cell-adhesive scatter factor secreted by human gastric carcinoma cells.
Che-1 arrests human colon carcinoma cell proliferation by displacing HDAC1 from the p21WAF1/CIP1 promoter.
The mannose receptor mediates dengue virus infection of macrophages.
Stress-induced gene expression requires programmed recovery from translational repression.
The Hectd1 ubiquitin ligase is required for development of the head mesenchyme and neural tube closure.
The PAAD/PYRIN-family protein ASC is a dual regulator of a conserved step in nuclear factor kappaB activation pathways.
Non-T cell activation linker (NTAL): a transmembrane adaptor protein involved in immunoreceptor signaling.
Cloning and characterization of human haspin gene encoding haploid germ cell-specific nuclear protein kinase.
The transcription factors Sox10 and Myrf define an essential regulatory network module in differentiating oligodendrocytes.
KIBRA is a novel substrate for protein kinase Czeta.
Decaprenylphosphoryl arabinofuranose, the donor of the D-arabinofuranosyl residues of mycobacterial arabinan, is formed via a two-step epimerization of decaprenylphosphoryl ribose.
Caenorhabditis elegans caspase homolog CSP-2 inhibits CED-3 autoactivation and apoptosis in germ cells.
CopA: An Escherichia coli Cu(I)-translocating P-type ATPase.
Drosophila Toll is activated by Gram-positive bacteria through a circulating peptidoglycan recognition protein.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 5 (Cdk5) regulates the function of CLOCK protein by direct phosphorylation.
BR-SIGNALING KINASE1 physically associates with FLAGELLIN SENSING2 and regulates plant innate immunity in Arabidopsis.
FCRL3, an autoimmune susceptibility gene, has inhibitory potential on B-cell receptor-mediated signaling.
Primary structure, chromosomal localization, and functional expression of a voltage-gated sodium channel from human brain.
Functional interaction of DYX1C1 with estrogen receptors suggests involvement of hormonal pathways in dyslexia.
Pre-binding of small protein B to a stalled ribosome triggers trans-translation.
p40phox, a third cytosolic component of the activation complex of the NADPH oxidase to contain src homology 3 domains.
A link between the synthesis of nucleoporins and the biogenesis of the nuclear envelope.
Expression, purification, and initial characterization of human Yes protein tyrosine kinase from a bacterial expression system.
Interferon-alpha induction through Toll-like receptors involves a direct interaction of IRF7 with MyD88 and TRAF6.
Subunit composition and substrate specificity of a MOF-containing histone acetyltransferase distinct from the male-specific lethal (MSL) complex.
Shs1p: a novel member of septin that interacts with spa2p, involved in polarized growth in saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Calcium-activated potassium channels expressed from cloned complementary DNAs.
Signaling by Toll-like receptors 8 and 9 requires Bruton's tyrosine kinase.
Refolding, purification, and characterization of human and murine RegIII proteins expressed in Escherichia coli.
Cleavage of the C-terminus of NEDD8 by UCH-L3.
Caenorhabditis elegans protein arginine methyltransferase PRMT-5 negatively regulates DNA damage-induced apoptosis.
The PGC-1-related protein PERC is a selective coactivator of estrogen receptor alpha.
The SRm160/300 splicing coactivator subunits.
Regulation of heterochromatic silencing and histone H3 lysine-9 methylation by RNAi.
Adipose tissue deletion of Gpr116 impairs insulin sensitivity through modulation of adipose function.
A previously unknown oxalyl-CoA synthetase is important for oxalate catabolism in Arabidopsis.
Hypoxia regulates glutamate receptor trafficking through an HIF-independent mechanism.
Characterization of active reverse transcriptase and nucleoprotein complexes of the yeast retrotransposon Ty3 in vitro.
Endo180, an endocytic recycling glycoprotein related to the macrophage mannose receptor is expressed on fibroblasts, endothelial cells and macrophages and functions as a lectin receptor.
Cloning and expression of Stat5 and an additional homologue (Stat5b) involved in prolactin signal transduction in mouse mammary tissue.
MCPIP1 ribonuclease exhibits broad-spectrum antiviral effects through viral RNA binding and degradation.
Molecular and physiological analysis of Arabidopsis mutants defective in cytosolic or chloroplastic aspartate aminotransferase.
Mice lacking the folic acid-binding protein Folbp1 are defective in early embryonic development.
Parafibromin, product of the hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome gene HRPT2, regulates cyclin D1/PRAD1 expression.
CD43 processing and nuclear translocation of CD43 cytoplasmic tail are required for cell homeostasis.
Analysis of double knockout mice lacking aquaporin-1 and urea transporter UT-B. Evidence for UT-B-facilitated water transport in erythrocytes.
Lentiviral delivery of HIV-1 Vpr protein induces apoptosis in transformed cells.
The ER-resident ubiquitin-specific protease 19 participates in the UPR and rescues ERAD substrates.
Polypeptide GalNAc-transferase T3 and familial tumoral calcinosis. Secretion of fibroblast growth factor 23 requires O-glycosylation.
The actin-bundling protein fascin stabilizes actin in invadopodia and potentiates protrusive invasion.
Cleavage of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4GII within foot-and-mouth disease virus-infected cells: identification of the L-protease cleavage site in vitro.
Regulation of the NF-kappaB-inducing kinase by tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 3-induced degradation.
Human USP3 is a chromatin modifier required for S phase progression and genome stability.
Band 3 mutations, renal tubular acidosis and South-East Asian ovalocytosis in Malaysia and Papua New Guinea: loss of up to 95% band 3 transport in red cells.
RNA-binding IMPs promote cell adhesion and invadopodia formation.
RGS14 is a novel Rap effector that preferentially regulates the GTPase activity of galphao.
A new identity for MLK3 as an NIMA-related, cell cycle-regulated kinase that is localized near centrosomes and influences microtubule organization.
hPrimpol1/CCDC111 is a human DNA primase-polymerase required for the maintenance of genome integrity.
Involvement of protein kinase Cgamma isoform in morphine-induced reinforcing effects.
Role of beta-galactosidase and elastin binding protein in lysosomal and nonlysosomal complexes of patients with GM1-gangliosidosis.
MBD2 is a transcriptional repressor belonging to the MeCP1 histone deacetylase complex.
Tal, a Tsg101-specific E3 ubiquitin ligase, regulates receptor endocytosis and retrovirus budding.
Drosophila nipped-B protein supports sister chromatid cohesion and opposes the stromalin/Scc3 cohesion factor to facilitate long-range activation of the cut gene.
Identification of UNC119 as a novel activator of SRC-type tyrosine kinases.
Structural and functional characterization of ferredoxin-NADP+-oxidoreductase using knock-out mutants of Arabidopsis.
Tumor autocrine motility factor is an angiogenic factor that stimulates endothelial cell motility.
Novel mechanisms of fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 regulation by extracellular matrix protein anosmin-1.
The homeodomain protein Meis1 is essential for definitive hematopoiesis and vascular patterning in the mouse embryo.
The furry gene of Drosophila is important for maintaining the integrity of cellular extensions during morphogenesis.
Aubergine encodes a Drosophila polar granule component required for pole cell formation and related to eIF2C.
CPEB phosphorylation and cytoplasmic polyadenylation are catalyzed by the kinase IAK1/Eg2 in maturing mouse oocytes.
Streptomyces griseus aminopeptidase is a calcium-activated zinc metalloprotein. Purification and properties of the enzyme.
Inhibition of SRGAP2 function by its human-specific paralogs induces neoteny during spine maturation.
Characterization of Arabidopsis decapping proteins AtDCP1 and AtDCP2, which are essential for post-embryonic development.
The EphA8 receptor regulates integrin activity through p110gamma phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase in a tyrosine kinase activity-independent manner.
Accumulation of the authentic parkin substrate aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase cofactor, p38/JTV-1, leads to catecholaminergic cell death.
Molecular cloning of the mouse dopamine transporter and pharmacological comparison with the human homologue.
Galpha13 stimulates cell migration through cortactin-interacting protein Hax-1.
D1 dopamine receptor dDA1 is required in the mushroom body neurons for aversive and appetitive learning in Drosophila.
Reciprocal regulation of glycine-rich RNA-binding proteins via an interlocked feedback loop coupling alternative splicing to nonsense-mediated decay in Arabidopsis.
Deficiency or inhibition of Gas6 causes platelet dysfunction and protects mice against thrombosis.
Global regulation of Hox gene expression in C. elegans by a SAM domain protein.
Soluble interleukin-1 receptor accessory protein ameliorates collagen-induced arthritis by a different mode of action from that of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist.
Odd-skipped related 1 (Odd 1) is an essential regulator of heart and urogenital development.
Regulation of cathepsin E expression during human B cell differentiation in vitro.
Distinct roles of RalA and RalB in the progression of cytokinesis are supported by distinct RalGEFs.
A stromal Hsp100 protein is required for normal chloroplast development and function in Arabidopsis.
Physiological function of ABCG1.
High throughput screen identifies small molecule inhibitors specific for Mycobacterium tuberculosis phosphoserine phosphatase.
Langerin, a novel C-type lectin specific to Langerhans cells, is an endocytic receptor that induces the formation of Birbeck granules.
Regulation of ribosomal S6 kinase 2 by mammalian target of rapamycin.
Structure of the human sulfhydryl oxidase augmenter of liver regeneration and characterization of a human mutation causing an autosomal recessive myopathy .
The Gemin5 protein of the SMN complex identifies snRNAs.
Transducin-like enhancer of split proteins, the human homologs of Drosophila groucho, interact with hepatic nuclear factor 3beta.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a murine pre-B-cell growth-stimulating factor/stromal cell-derived factor 1 receptor, a murine homolog of the human immunodeficiency virus 1 entry coreceptor fusin.
Involvement of phospholipase D in wound-induced accumulation of jasmonic acid in arabidopsis.
The intrinsically unstructured domain of PC4 modulates the activity of the structured core through inter- and intramolecular interactions.
Luminal heterodimeric amino acid transporter defective in cystinuria.
CaM kinase II-dependent phosphorylation of myogenin contributes to activity-dependent suppression of nAChR gene expression in developing rat myotubes.
Inactivation of erythropoietin receptor function by point mutations in a region having homology with other cytokine receptors.
Phosphorylation of SNAP-23 by the novel kinase SNAK regulates t-SNARE complex assembly.
Direct binding of the EGF-like domain of neuregulin-1 to integrins ({alpha}v{beta}3 and {alpha}6{beta}4) is involved in neuregulin-1/ErbB signaling.
In silico identification of new putative pathogenic variants in the NEU1 sialidase gene affecting enzyme function and subcellular localization.
Purification and characterization of aminopeptidase M from muscle and mucosa of the pig intestine.
Direct visualization of asymmetric adenine-nucleotide-induced conformational changes in MutL alpha.
The pseudokinase MLKL mediates necroptosis via a molecular switch mechanism.
Survivin-deltaEx3 and survivin-2B: two novel splice variants of the apoptosis inhibitor survivin with different antiapoptotic properties.
c-Jun N-terminal kinase-3 (JNK3)/stress-activated protein kinase-beta (SAPKbeta) binds and phosphorylates the neuronal microtubule regulator SCG10.
Acetylation of a conserved lysine residue in the ATP binding pocket of p38 augments its kinase activity during hypertrophy of cardiomyocytes.
Mammalian forebrain ketimine reductase identified as μ-crystallin; potential regulation by thyroid hormones.
Characterization of cells and gene-targeted mice deficient for the p53-binding kinase homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 1 (HIPK1).
Human L1 retrotransposition: cis preference versus trans complementation.
Downregulation of NANOG induces differentiation of human embryonic stem cells to extraembryonic lineages.
WDR11-mediated Hedgehog signalling defects underlie a new ciliopathy related to Kallmann syndrome.
Casein kinase I epsilon enhances the binding of Dvl-1 to Frat-1 and is essential for Wnt-3a-induced accumulation of beta-catenin.
AtNAC2, a transcription factor downstream of ethylene and auxin signaling pathways, is involved in salt stress response and lateral root development.
Electron microscopic analysis and structural characterization of novel NADP(H)-containing methanol: N,N'-dimethyl-4-nitrosoaniline oxidoreductases from the gram-positive methylotrophic bacteria Amycolatopsis methanolica and Mycobacterium gastri MB19.
The Drosophila roughened mutation: activation of a rap homolog disrupts eye development and interferes with cell determination.
Identification of the ubiquitin carrier proteins, E2s, involved in signal-induced conjugation and subsequent degradation of IkappaBalpha.
HOXA9 methylation by PRMT5 is essential for endothelial cell expression of leukocyte adhesion molecules.
The role of human HtrA1 in arthritic disease.
AMIGO is an auxiliary subunit of the Kv2.1 potassium channel.
Role for mammalian neutral sphingomyelinase 2 in confluence-induced growth arrest of MCF7 cells.
Nucleoporin98-96 function is required for transit amplification divisions in the germ line of Drosophila melanogaster.
LZTS2 is a novel beta-catenin-interacting protein and regulates the nuclear export of beta-catenin.
Yeast mRNA cap methyltransferase is a 50-kilodalton protein encoded by an essential gene.
A soluble form of the MHC class I-specific CD160 receptor is released from human activated NK lymphocytes and inhibits cell-mediated cytotoxicity.
A single nucleotide in an estrogen-related receptor alpha site can dictate mode of binding and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1alpha activation of target promoters.
L-SIGN (CD209L) and DC-SIGN (CD209) mediate transinfection of liver cells by hepatitis C virus.
PB1 domains of MEKK2 and MEKK3 interact with the MEK5 PB1 domain for activation of the ERK5 pathway.
Cdc2-cyclin E complexes regulate the G1/S phase transition.
Latent collagenase and gelatinase from human neutrophils and their activation.
BZR1 is a transcriptional repressor with dual roles in brassinosteroid homeostasis and growth responses.
The newly identified human nuclear protein NXP-2 possesses three distinct domains, the nuclear matrix-binding, RNA-binding, and coiled-coil domains.
Progenitor cell maintenance requires numb and numblike during mouse neurogenesis.
Biochemical characterization of novel retroviral integrase proteins.
Characterization of fibronectin-binding antigens released by Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium bovis BCG.
Polyglutamine expansion of huntingtin impairs its nuclear export.
Pancreatic eukaryotic initiation factor-2alpha kinase (PEK) homologues in humans, Drosophila melanogaster and Caenorhabditis elegans that mediate translational control in response to endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Mutations in MRAP, encoding a new interacting partner of the ACTH receptor, cause familial glucocorticoid deficiency type 2.
LGR4 and LGR5 are R-spondin receptors mediating Wnt/β-catenin and Wnt/PCP signalling.
SHP-1 binds and negatively modulates the c-Kit receptor by interaction with tyrosine 569 in the c-Kit juxtamembrane domain.
A moderate increase in carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1a activity is sufficient to substantially reduce hepatic triglyceride levels.
The ataxia protein sacsin is a functional co-chaperone that protects against polyglutamine-expanded ataxin-1.
Platelet-derived-growth-factor-induced signalling in human platelets: phosphoinositide-3-kinase-dependent inhibition of platelet activation.
A human telomerase holoenzyme protein required for Cajal body localization and telomere synthesis.
Mutations in PAX2 associate with adult-onset FSGS.
Impaired hydroxylation of 5-methylcytosine in myeloid cancers with mutant TET2.
ASK1 is required for sustained activations of JNK/p38 MAP kinases and apoptosis.
The imd gene is required for local Cecropin expression in Drosophila barrier epithelia.
Bromodomain factor 1 corresponds to a missing piece of yeast TFIID.
Mutations in NEK8 link multiple organ dysplasia with altered Hippo signalling and increased c-MYC expression.
Mutational analysis of the phosphorylation sites of the Aie1 (Aurora-C) kinase in vitro.
Circadian rhythm of contrast sensitivity is regulated by a dopamine-neuronal PAS-domain protein 2-adenylyl cyclase 1 signaling pathway in retinal ganglion cells.
The TNF receptor, RELT, binds SPAK and uses it to mediate p38 and JNK activation.
A novel mitochondrial septin-like protein, ARTS, mediates apoptosis dependent on its P-loop motif.
Naip5 affects host susceptibility to the intracellular pathogen Legionella pneumophila.
The morphogenesis checkpoint in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: cell cycle control of Swe1p degradation by Hsl1p and Hsl7p.
A common set of engulfment genes mediates removal of both apoptotic and necrotic cell corpses in C. elegans.
Hedgehog movement is regulated through tout velu-dependent synthesis of a heparan sulfate proteoglycan.
Usa1 functions as a scaffold of the HRD-ubiquitin ligase.
Nephrocystin proteins NPHP5 and Cep290 regulate BBSome integrity, ciliary trafficking and cargo delivery.
Crystal structure and functional mapping of human ASMT, the last enzyme of the melatonin synthesis pathway.
Functional analyses of GB virus B p13 protein: development of a recombinant GB virus B hepatitis virus with a p7 protein.
A mammalian dual specificity protein kinase, Nek1, is related to the NIMA cell cycle regulator and highly expressed in meiotic germ cells.
Transcription of hepatitis delta virus RNA by RNA polymerase II.
Structural basis of CpG and inhibitory DNA recognition by Toll-like receptor 9.
Differential contributions of Mesp1 and Mesp2 to the epithelialization and rostro-caudal patterning of somites.
Acetylation-dependent chromatin reorganization by BRDT, a testis-specific bromodomain-containing protein.
Foxl2 is required for commitment to ovary differentiation.
A collection of Ds insertional mutants associated with defects in male gametophyte development and function in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Oligomerization of serotonin transporter and its functional consequences.
Evidence for secretory pathway localization of a voltage-dependent anion channel isoform.
Syntaxin 17 cycles between the ER and ERGIC and is required to maintain the architecture of ERGIC and Golgi.
Structural insight into substrate specificity of phosphodiesterase 10.
Apg7p/Cvt2p is required for the cytoplasm-to-vacuole targeting, macroautophagy, and peroxisome degradation pathways.
Human homolog of disc-large is required for adherens junction assembly and differentiation of human intestinal epithelial cells.
RP1 is required for the correct stacking of outer segment discs.
Analysis of yeast MSH2-MSH6 suggests that the initiation of mismatch repair can be separated into discrete steps.
Bin2 is a membrane sculpting N-BAR protein that influences leucocyte podosomes, motility and phagocytosis.
Arabidopsis calcium-dependent protein kinase AtCPK32 interacts with ABF4, a transcriptional regulator of abscisic acid-responsive gene expression, and modulates its activity.
Voltage-dependent and -independent titration of specific residues accounts for complex gating of a ClC chloride channel by extracellular protons.
Involvement of Iba1 in membrane ruffling and phagocytosis of macrophages/microglia.
Interaction between krit1 and icap1alpha infers perturbation of integrin beta1-mediated angiogenesis in the pathogenesis of cerebral cavernous malformation.
Loss of a callose synthase results in salicylic acid-dependent disease resistance.
Thrombospondin-4 regulates vascular inflammation and atherogenesis.
The mannose receptor acts as hepatitis B virus surface antigen receptor mediating interaction with intrahepatic dendritic cells.
A novel role of vimentin filaments: binding and stabilization of collagen mRNAs.
Hydroxyurea induces hydroxyl radical-mediated cell death in Escherichia coli.
BRCA1 interacts with acetyl-CoA carboxylase through its tandem of BRCT domains.
Compensation for PKMζ in long-term potentiation and spatial long-term memory in mutant mice.
The vacuolar-ATPase complex and assembly factors, TMEM199 and CCDC115, control HIF1α prolyl hydroxylation by regulating cellular iron levels.
Efficient leukocyte Ig-like receptor signaling and crystal structure of disulfide-linked HLA-G dimer.
Expression, purification, characterization of human 3-methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase (MCCC).
Nuclear import of histone H2A and H2B is mediated by a network of karyopherins.
Cop, a caspase recruitment domain-containing protein and inhibitor of caspase-1 activation processing.
CDK11 complexes promote pre-mRNA splicing.
A doughnut-shaped heteromer of human Sm-like proteins binds to the 3'-end of U6 snRNA, thereby facilitating U4/U6 duplex formation in vitro.
Association and regulation of heat shock transcription factor 4b with both extracellular signal-regulated kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase and dual-specificity tyrosine phosphatase DUSP26.
Mammalian TAF(II)30 is required for cell cycle progression and specific cellular differentiation programmes.
Identification and characterization of cyclin X which activates transcriptional activities of c-Myc.
The human REV1 gene codes for a DNA template-dependent dCMP transferase.
The role of ADAM 15 in glomerular mesangial cell migration.
A human homolog of Drosophila warts tumor suppressor, h-warts, localized to mitotic apparatus and specifically phosphorylated during mitosis.
Function of calcium-dependent protein kinase CPK28 of Arabidopsis thaliana in plant stem elongation and vascular development.
Mechanism of two classes of cancer mutations in the phosphoinositide 3-kinase catalytic subunit.
The role of the membrane-spanning domain of type I signal peptidases in substrate cleavage site selection.
Cloning and functional analysis of FLJ20420: a novel transcription factor for the BAG-1 promoter.
Identification of a lysosomal peptide transport system induced during dendritic cell development.
Argonaute2 is the catalytic engine of mammalian RNAi.
Evidence that the Dictyostelium Dd-STATa protein is a repressor that regulates commitment to stalk cell differentiation and is also required for efficient chemotaxis.
The Arabidopsis CERK1-associated kinase PBL27 connects chitin perception to MAPK activation.
Nuclear translocation of the calcium-binding protein ALG-2 induced by the RNA-binding protein RBM22.
NUANCE, a giant protein connecting the nucleus and actin cytoskeleton.
Identification of a human follicular dendritic cell molecule that stimulates germinal center B cell growth.
Cloning and characterization of a novel NMDA receptor subunit NR3B: a dominant subunit that reduces calcium permeability.
2',5'-Oligoadenylate synthetase-like gene highly induced by hepatitis C virus infection in human liver is inhibitory to viral replication in vitro.
The Dun1 checkpoint kinase phosphorylates and regulates the ribonucleotide reductase inhibitor Sml1.
RGS12 and RGS14 GoLoco motifs are G alpha(i) interaction sites with guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor Activity.
Surface-exposed C-terminal amino acids of the small coat protein of Cowpea mosaic virus are required for suppression of silencing.
Isolation and characterization of bovine pancreastatin.
Active site and loop 4 movements within human glycolate oxidase: implications for substrate specificity and drug design.
Mutational analysis of the genome-linked protein of cowpea mosaic virus.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a Drosophila p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
The evi-1 oncoprotein inhibits c-Jun N-terminal kinase and prevents stress-induced cell death.
Inhibitory PAS domain protein is a negative regulator of hypoxia-inducible gene expression.
Retinopathy induced in mice by targeted disruption of the rhodopsin gene.
Heat Shock Factor 1 Mediates Latent HIV Reactivation.
Complexin II facilitates exocytotic release in mast cells by enhancing Ca2+ sensitivity of the fusion process.
Role for Akt3/protein kinase Bgamma in attainment of normal brain size.
An estrogen receptor-selective coregulator that potentiates the effectiveness of antiestrogens and represses the activity of estrogens.
Molecular cloning of a docking protein, BRDG1, that acts downstream of the Tec tyrosine kinase.
TRIM8/GERP RING finger protein interacts with SOCS-1.
P19(ARF) stabilizes p53 by blocking nucleo-cytoplasmic shuttling of Mdm2.
Defective osteoblast function in ICAP-1-deficient mice.
Mapping sonic hedgehog-receptor interactions by steric interference.
Protein phosphatase-1alpha regulates centrosome splitting through Nek2.
Crystal structure of mammalian alpha1,6-fucosyltransferase, FUT8.
CP110 cooperates with two calcium-binding proteins to regulate cytokinesis and genome stability.
Zic2 regulates the kinetics of neurulation.
Regulation of molecular chaperone gene transcription involves the serine phosphorylation, 14-3-3 epsilon binding, and cytoplasmic sequestration of heat shock factor 1.
Identification of alpha interferon-induced genes associated with antiviral activity in Daudi cells and characterization of IFIT3 as a novel antiviral gene.
Human SNM1B is required for normal cellular response to both DNA interstrand crosslink-inducing agents and ionizing radiation.
Synaptosome-associated protein of 25 kilodaltons modulates Kv2.1 voltage-dependent K(+) channels in neuroendocrine islet beta-cells through an interaction with the channel N terminus.
A novel acylglycerol kinase that produces lysophosphatidic acid modulates cross talk with EGFR in prostate cancer cells.
PRMT7, a new protein arginine methyltransferase that synthesizes symmetric dimethylarginine.
The presence of a single tyrosine residue at the carboxyl domain of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2/FLK-1 regulates its autophosphorylation and activation of signaling molecules.
Identification of a family of cAMP response element-binding protein coactivators by genome-scale functional analysis in mammalian cells.
Phospholipid- and GTP-dependent activation of cholera toxin and phospholipase D by human ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 1 (HARL1).
Heterodimeric geranyl(geranyl)diphosphate synthase from hop (Humulus lupulus) and the evolution of monoterpene biosynthesis.
Role of kappa-opioid receptors in the effects of salvinorin A and ketamine on attention in rats.
Association of nucleoid proteins with coding and non-coding segments of the Escherichia coli genome.
The human progesterone receptor A-form functions as a transcriptional modulator of mineralocorticoid receptor transcriptional activity.
Sequence determinants in hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha for hydroxylation by the prolyl hydroxylases PHD1, PHD2, and PHD3.
Metastatic tumor antigen 1 short form (MTA1s) associates with casein kinase I-gamma2, an estrogen-responsive kinase.
A dominant-negative mutant of human DNA helicase B blocks the onset of chromosomal DNA replication.
Regulation of ribosome biogenesis by the rapamycin-sensitive TOR-signaling pathway in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Human homologue of ariadne promotes the ubiquitylation of translation initiation factor 4E homologous protein, 4EHP.
The C-terminal BAG domain of BAG5 induces conformational changes of the Hsp70 nucleotide-binding domain for ADP-ATP exchange.
Telomerase-mediated telomere addition in vivo requires DNA primase and DNA polymerases alpha and delta.
A dominant-negative FGF1 mutant (the R50E mutant) suppresses tumorigenesis and angiogenesis.
Fc epsilon RI gamma-ITAM is differentially required for mast cell function in vivo.
FE65 binds Teashirt, inhibiting expression of the primate-specific caspase-4.
Roles for scalloped and vestigial in regulating cell affinity and interactions between the wing blade and the wing hinge.
Human Claspin works with BRCA1 to both positively and negatively regulate cell proliferation.
Palmitoylation and polymerization of hepatitis C virus NS4B protein.
ADAM22 plays an important role in cell adhesion and spreading with the assistance of 14-3-3.
Megalin and cubilin are endocytic receptors involved in renal clearance of hemoglobin.
The lysophosphatidic acid receptor LPA1 links pulmonary fibrosis to lung injury by mediating fibroblast recruitment and vascular leak.
Clumping factor B, a fibrinogen-binding MSCRAMM (microbial surface components recognizing adhesive matrix molecules) adhesin of Staphylococcus aureus, also binds to the tail region of type I cytokeratin 10.
Homologous membrane folate binding proteins in human placenta: cloning and sequence of a cDNA.
A functional chaperone triad on the yeast ribosome.
Characterization of a novel thyroid hormone receptor alpha variant involved in the regulation of myoblast differentiation.
An iron delivery pathway mediated by a lipocalin.
STAR proteins quaking-6 and GLD-1 regulate translation of the homologues GLI1 and tra-1 through a conserved RNA 3'UTR-based mechanism.
Mutations in CNTNAP1 and ADCY6 are responsible for severe arthrogryposis multiplex congenita with axoglial defects.
Crystal structures of the noncatalytic domains of ADAMTS13 reveal multiple discontinuous exosites for von Willebrand factor.
Heat shock protein cognate 70-4 and an E3 ubiquitin ligase, CHIP, mediate plastid-destined precursor degradation through the ubiquitin-26S proteasome system in Arabidopsis.
Embryonic expression of Lim-1, the mouse homolog of Xenopus Xlim-1, suggests a role in lateral mesoderm differentiation and neurogenesis.
Arabidopsis alternative oxidase sustains Escherichia coli respiration.
Characterization of Mycobacterium tuberculosis nicotinamidase/pyrazinamidase.
A MAP kinase necessary for receptor-mediated activation of adenylyl cyclase in Dictyostelium.
Podocalyxin increases the aggressive phenotype of breast and prostate cancer cells in vitro through its interaction with ezrin.
Epigenetic control of rDNA loci in response to intracellular energy status.
PPM1A functions as a Smad phosphatase to terminate TGFbeta signaling.
The BLM helicase is necessary for normal DNA double-strand break repair.
A conserved MST-FOXO signaling pathway mediates oxidative-stress responses and extends life span.
SATB2 is a multifunctional determinant of craniofacial patterning and osteoblast differentiation.
Role for a bidentate ribonuclease in the initiation step of RNA interference.
Energetic and structural interactions between delta-dendrotoxin and a voltage-gated potassium channel.
Knockdown of Hspa9, a del(5q31.2) gene, results in a decrease in hematopoietic progenitors in mice.
UV-dependent interaction between Cep164 and XPA mediates localization of Cep164 at sites of DNA damage and UV sensitivity.
ISG15 conjugation system targets the viral NS1 protein in influenza A virus-infected cells.
PERIOD3, circadian phenotypes, and sleep homeostasis.
XRCC1 mutation is associated with PARP1 hyperactivation and cerebellar ataxia.
TBP-TAF complex SL1 directs RNA polymerase I pre-initiation complex formation and stabilizes upstream binding factor at the rDNA promoter.
The ventralizing activity of Radar, a maternally expressed bone morphogenetic protein, reveals complex bone morphogenetic protein interactions controlling dorso-ventral patterning in zebrafish.
MEKK4 is an effector of the embryonic TRAF4 for JNK activation.
Regulation of brassinosteroid signaling by a GSK3/SHAGGY-like kinase.
GDNF: a glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor for midbrain dopaminergic neurons.
Characterization of human palladin, a microfilament-associated protein.
Protein-protein interactions and 5'-splice-site recognition in mammalian mRNA precursors.
Strabismus requires Flamingo and Prickle function to regulate tissue polarity in the Drosophila eye.
A splice variant of the two-pore domain potassium channel TREK-1 with only one pore domain reduces the surface expression of full-length TREK-1 channels.
The Drosophila melanogaster gene brain tumor negatively regulates cell growth and ribosomal RNA synthesis.
NMDA receptors mediate olfactory learning and memory in Drosophila.
Single amino acid substitutions at the acyl-CoA-binding domain interrupt 14[C]palmitoyl-CoA binding of ACBP2, an Arabidopsis acyl-CoA-binding protein with ankyrin repeats.
Critical YxKxHxxxRP motif in the C-terminal region of GATA3 for its DNA binding and function.
The UBXN1 protein associates with autoubiquitinated forms of the BRCA1 tumor suppressor and inhibits its enzymatic function.
The calcium-dependent interaction between S100B and the mitochondrial AAA ATPase ATAD3A and the role of this complex in the cytoplasmic processing of ATAD3A.
cIAP1/2 are direct E3 ligases conjugating diverse types of ubiquitin chains to receptor interacting proteins kinases 1 to 4 (RIP1-4).
Agonist-induced internalization and desensitization of the human nociceptin receptor expressed in CHO cells.
The lymphotoxin-beta receptor is necessary and sufficient for LIGHT-mediated apoptosis of tumor cells.
Proteomic Analysis of the Mammalian Katanin Family of Microtubule-severing Enzymes Defines Katanin p80 subunit B-like 1 (KATNBL1) as a Regulator of Mammalian Katanin Microtubule-severing.
The primary sex determination signal of Drosophila acts at the level of transcription.
Purification and biochemical characterization of some of the properties of recombinant human kynureninase.
Effect of mutation of two critical glutamic acid residues on the activity and stability of human carboxypeptidase M and characterization of its signal for glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchoring.
PI(4,5)P(2)-dependent and Ca(2+)-regulated ER-PM interactions mediated by the extended synaptotagmins.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored glucanosyltransferases play an active role in the biosynthesis of the fungal cell wall.
TASK, a human background K+ channel to sense external pH variations near physiological pH.
Both the structure and DNA binding function of the barrier-to-autointegration factor contribute to reconstitution of HIV type 1 integration in vitro.
The DEAD-box helicase DDX3X is a critical component of the TANK-binding kinase 1-dependent innate immune response.
The hereditary spastic paraplegia gene, spastin, regulates microtubule stability to modulate synaptic structure and function.
SCALLOPED interacts with YORKIE, the nuclear effector of the hippo tumor-suppressor pathway in Drosophila.
Neuralized1 activates CPEB3: a function for nonproteolytic ubiquitin in synaptic plasticity and memory storage.
Roles of individual domains and conserved motifs of the AAA+ chaperone ClpB in oligomerization, ATP hydrolysis, and chaperone activity.
Crystal structure of LL-diaminopimelate aminotransferase from Arabidopsis thaliana: a recently discovered enzyme in the biosynthesis of L-lysine by plants and Chlamydia.
Regulation of FE65 nuclear translocation and function by amyloid beta-protein precursor in osmotically stressed cells.
Regulation of membrane trafficking and organ separation by the NEVERSHED ARF-GAP protein.
Oxidative stress in SEPN1-related myopathy: from pathophysiology to treatment.
Role that phosphorylation of GSK3 plays in insulin and Wnt signalling defined by knockin analysis.
Human BAG-1 proteins bind to the cellular stress response protein GADD34 and interfere with GADD34 functions.
Limited evolutionary conservation of imprinting in the human placenta.
TZAP: A telomere-associated protein involved in telomere length control.
Functional and molecular characterization of the human neutral solute channel aquaporin-9.
Inhibition of cellular protein secretion by picornaviral 3A proteins.
The anti-proliferative activity of BTG/TOB proteins is mediated via the Caf1a (CNOT7) and Caf1b (CNOT8) deadenylase subunits of the Ccr4-not complex.
Glycosylated SV2A and SV2B mediate the entry of botulinum neurotoxin E into neurons.
Identification of PatL1, a human homolog to yeast P body component Pat1.
Mutations in domain V of the Sendai virus L polymerase protein uncouple transcription and replication and differentially affect replication in vitro and in vivo.
Deficiency of the zinc finger protein ZFP106 causes motor and sensory neurodegeneration.
Down-regulation of RNA editing in pediatric astrocytomas: ADAR2 editing activity inhibits cell migration and proliferation.
A novel CCCH-zinc finger protein family regulates proinflammatory activation of macrophages.
Membrane-anchored aspartyl protease with Alzheimer's disease beta-secretase activity.
Isolation and characterization of p19INK4d, a p16-related inhibitor specific to CDK6 and CDK4.
Galactose oxidase from Polyporus circinatus, Fr.
Potential role for luman, the cellular homologue of herpes simplex virus VP16 (alpha gene trans-inducing factor), in herpesvirus latency.
Deficiency of essential GTP-binding protein ObgE in Escherichia coli inhibits chromosome partition.
Knockdown of ZNF268, which is transcriptionally downregulated by GATA-1, promotes proliferation of K562 cells.
A role for the Perlman syndrome exonuclease Dis3l2 in the Lin28-let-7 pathway.
APOBEC3A is a potent inhibitor of adeno-associated virus and retrotransposons.
The Abl-related gene (Arg) nonreceptor tyrosine kinase uses two F-actin-binding domains to bundle F-actin.
Dematin and adducin provide a novel link between the spectrin cytoskeleton and human erythrocyte membrane by directly interacting with glucose transporter-1.
Analysis of smu-1, a gene that regulates the alternative splicing of unc-52 pre-mRNA in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification and characterization of a human DNA glycosylase for repair of modified bases in oxidatively damaged DNA.
Principles of activation and permeation in an anion-selective Cys-loop receptor.
Cytosolic HSP90 associates with and modulates the Arabidopsis RPM1 disease resistance protein.
Disabled-2 colocalizes with the LDLR in clathrin-coated pits and interacts with AP-2.
The semaphorin receptor plexin-B1 signals through a direct interaction with the Rho-specific nucleotide exchange factor, LARG.
WHAMM is an Arp2/3 complex activator that binds microtubules and functions in ER to Golgi transport.
Pontin52 and reptin52 function as antagonistic regulators of beta-catenin signalling activity.
RanBPM, a nuclear protein that interacts with and regulates transcriptional activity of androgen receptor and glucocorticoid receptor.
Identification and characterization of a novel human collectin CL-K1.
Collapsin response mediator protein-2 (Crmp2) regulates trafficking by linking endocytic regulatory proteins to dynein motors.
Wilms tumor suppressor, Wt1, is a transcriptional activator of the erythropoietin gene.
Fido, a novel AMPylation domain common to fic, doc, and AvrB.
The structure of mammalian serine racemase: evidence for conformational changes upon inhibitor binding.
Cortical 5-HT2A receptor signaling modulates anxiety-like behaviors in mice.
The novel coactivator C1 (HCF) coordinates multiprotein enhancer formation and mediates transcription activation by GABP.
Benzo[a]pyrene carcinogenicity is lost in mice lacking the aryl hydrocarbon receptor.
A novel member of the Rhomboid family, RHBDD1, regulates BIK-mediated apoptosis.
Structural basis of jasmonate-amido synthetase FIN219 in complex with glutathione S-transferase FIP1 during the JA signal regulation.
hCds1-mediated phosphorylation of BRCA1 regulates the DNA damage response.
Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase (ASK) 2 functions as a mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase in a heteromeric complex with ASK1.
Identification of mouse orthologue of endogenous secretory receptor for advanced glycation end-products: structure, function and expression.
CFBP is a novel tyrosine-phosphorylated protein that might function as a regulator of CIN85/CD2AP.
Regulation of BRCC, a holoenzyme complex containing BRCA1 and BRCA2, by a signalosome-like subunit and its role in DNA repair.
Mutations in ClpC2/Hsp100 suppress the requirement for FtsH in thylakoid membrane biogenesis.
HnRNP G and Tra2beta: opposite effects on splicing matched by antagonism in RNA binding.
A soluble form of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 inhibits rhinovirus infection.
Molecular cloning and characterization of an amidase from Arabidopsis thaliana capable of converting indole-3-acetamide into the plant growth hormone, indole-3-acetic acid.
Protein kinase C-theta phosphorylation of moesin in the actin-binding sequence.
Plastidial glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency leads to altered root development and affects the sugar and amino acid balance in Arabidopsis.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of Eps15 is required for ligand-regulated, but not constitutive, endocytosis.
Peptide anchoring spore coat assembly to the outer forespore membrane in Bacillus subtilis.
The BRCA1-associated protein BACH1 is a DNA helicase targeted by clinically relevant inactivating mutations.
Drosophila neuropeptide F mediates integration of chemosensory stimulation and conditioning of the nervous system by food.
Six and Eya expression during human somitogenesis and MyoD gene family activation.
Functional role of the RET dependence receptor, GFRa co-receptors and ligands in the pituitary.
The C.elegans MAPK phosphatase LIP-1 is required for the G(2)/M meiotic arrest of developing oocytes.
Atypical protein kinase C (iota) activates ezrin in the apical domain of intestinal epithelial cells.
The carboxyl terminus of VEGFR-2 is required for PKC-mediated down-regulation.
Transcription factor Nrf1 mediates the proteasome recovery pathway after proteasome inhibition in mammalian cells.
Structural characterization, tissue distribution, and functional expression of murine aminoacylase III.
Neural dysfunction and neurodegeneration in Drosophila Na+/K+ ATPase alpha subunit mutants.
Kank regulates RhoA-dependent formation of actin stress fibers and cell migration via 14-3-3 in PI3K-Akt signaling.
Mammalian Scribble forms a tight complex with the betaPIX exchange factor.
Corticotropin releasing factor receptor 1-deficient mice display decreased anxiety, impaired stress response, and aberrant neuroendocrine development.
L2DTL/CDT2 interacts with the CUL4/DDB1 complex and PCNA and regulates CDT1 proteolysis in response to DNA damage.
Botulinum neurotoxin type G proteolyses the Ala81-Ala82 bond of rat synaptobrevin 2.
The retinitis pigmentosa 1 protein is a photoreceptor microtubule-associated protein.
A human homolog of yeast Est1 associates with telomerase and uncaps chromosome ends when overexpressed.
PRAK is essential for ras-induced senescence and tumor suppression.
The structure of MbtI from Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the first enzyme in the biosynthesis of the siderophore mycobactin, reveals it to be a salicylate synthase.
Asymmetric leaves1 mediates leaf patterning and stem cell function in Arabidopsis.
Casein kinase 2-dependent serine phosphorylation of MuSK regulates acetylcholine receptor aggregation at the neuromuscular junction.
IL-17s adopt a cystine knot fold: structure and activity of a novel cytokine, IL-17F, and implications for receptor binding.
In vitro properties of a recombinant flavonol synthase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Thyroid transcription factor 1, a homeodomain containing transcription factor, contributes to regulating periodic oscillations in GnRH gene expression.
E1B 55-kilodalton-associated protein: a cellular protein with RNA-binding activity implicated in nucleocytoplasmic transport of adenovirus and cellular mRNAs.
Amplitude control of protein kinase C by RINCK, a novel E3 ubiquitin ligase.
Fission yeast rad51 and dmc1, two efficient DNA recombinases forming helical nucleoprotein filaments.
Roles of a membrane-bound caleosin and putative peroxygenase in biotic and abiotic stress responses in Arabidopsis.
RIP5 is a RIP-homologous inducer of cell death.
Mutagenesis and functional characterization of the RNA and protein components of the toxIN abortive infection and toxin-antitoxin locus of Erwinia.
Integrity of Narrow Epithelial Tubes in the C. elegans Excretory System Requires a Transient Luminal Matrix.
Tyrosine sulfation of chemokine receptor CCR2 enhances interactions with both monomeric and dimeric forms of the chemokine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1).
Vascular natriuretic peptide receptor-linked particulate guanylate cyclases are modulated by nitric oxide-cyclic GMP signalling.
NEDD8 modification of CUL1 dissociates p120(CAND1), an inhibitor of CUL1-SKP1 binding and SCF ligases.
CAND1 binds to unneddylated CUL1 and regulates the formation of SCF ubiquitin E3 ligase complex.
β-arrestin-dependent activation of the cofilin pathway is required for the scavenging activity of the atypical chemokine receptor D6.
The RdeA-RegA system, a eukaryotic phospho-relay controlling cAMP breakdown.
RIM1alpha forms a protein scaffold for regulating neurotransmitter release at the active zone.
Late cytoplasmic maturation of the small ribosomal subunit requires RIO proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Parvulin (Par14), a peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase, is a novel rRNA processing factor that evolved in the metazoan lineage.
Essential role of PACSIN2/syndapin-II in caveolae membrane sculpting.
Transcription switches for protoxylem and metaxylem vessel formation.
Comparison of granule proteins from human polymorphonuclear leukocytes which are bactericidal toward Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
dSIR2 and dHDAC6: two novel, inhibitor-resistant deacetylases in Drosophila melanogaster.
Glycan Bound to the Selectin Low Affinity State Engages Glu-88 to Stabilize the High Affinity State under Force.
Analysis of reductant supply systems for ferredoxin-dependent sulfite reductase in photosynthetic and nonphotosynthetic organs of maize.
Daxx and histone deacetylase II associate with chromatin through an interaction with core histones and the chromatin-associated protein Dek.
E2F transcriptional activation requires TRRAP and GCN5 cofactors.
Characterization of a novel HMG-CoA lyase enzyme with a dual location in endoplasmic reticulum and cytosol.
An S-locus receptor-like kinase plays a role as a negative regulator in plant defense responses.
BimEL is an important determinant for induction of anoikis sensitivity by mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase inhibitors.
Comprehensive dissection of PDGF-PDGFR signaling pathways in PDGFR genetically defined cells.
The GIY-YIG Type Endonuclease Ankyrin Repeat and LEM Domain-Containing Protein 1 (ANKLE1) Is Dispensable for Mouse Hematopoiesis.
The tricornered gene, which is required for the integrity of epidermal cell extensions, encodes the Drosophila nuclear DBF2-related kinase.
Threonine 74 of MOB1 is a putative key phosphorylation site by MST2 to form the scaffold to activate nuclear Dbf2-related kinase 1.
BART is essential for nuclear retention of STAT3.
Human Rif1, ortholog of a yeast telomeric protein, is regulated by ATM and 53BP1 and functions in the S-phase checkpoint.
Functional characterization of four allelic variants of human cytochrome P450 1A2.
Characterization of three paralogous members of the Mammalian vaccinia related kinase family.
Impaired Presynaptic High-Affinity Choline Transporter Causes a Congenital Myasthenic Syndrome with Episodic Apnea.
A Rik1-associated, cullin-dependent E3 ubiquitin ligase is essential for heterochromatin formation.
MYRF is a membrane-associated transcription factor that autoproteolytically cleaves to directly activate myelin genes.
A Bacteriophage tailspike domain promotes self-cleavage of a human membrane-bound transcription factor, the myelin regulatory factor MYRF.
Tuning the structural coupling between the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of phospholamban to control sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase (SERCA) function.
A new family of Cdc42 effector proteins, CEPs, function in fibroblast and epithelial cell shape changes.
Molecular genetic analysis of Rts1p, a B' regulatory subunit of Saccharomyces cerevisiae protein phosphatase 2A.
Members of adenovirus species B utilize CD80 and CD86 as cellular attachment receptors.
Galpha12 and Galpha13 negatively regulate the adhesive functions of cadherin.
The A and B isoforms of the human progesterone receptor operate through distinct signaling pathways within target cells.
Yeast homolog of a cancer-testis antigen defines a new transcription complex.
Tpr is localized within the nuclear basket of the pore complex and has a role in nuclear protein export.
The dishevelled protein is modified by wingless signaling in Drosophila.
Cloning and expression of a novel rat GABAA receptor.
Mutations in the transmembrane natriuretic peptide receptor NPR-B impair skeletal growth and cause acromesomelic dysplasia, type Maroteaux.
Frag1, a homolog of alternative replication factor C subunits, links replication stress surveillance with apoptosis.
PDSM, a motif for phosphorylation-dependent SUMO modification.
Threonine 82 at the PDZ domain of PICK1 is critical for AMPA receptor interaction and localization.
Acidification prevents endothelial cell apoptosis by Axl activation.
Amyloid precursor protein dimerization and synaptogenic function depend on copper binding to the growth factor-like domain.
Overexpression of wild-type activin receptor alk4-1 restores activin antiproliferative effects in human pituitary tumor cells.
Mouse homologue of HOS (mHOS) is overexpressed in skin tumors and implicated in constitutive activation of NF-kappaB.
Cell adhesion to fibrillin-1 molecules and microfibrils is mediated by alpha 5 beta 1 and alpha v beta 3 integrins.
A mammalian KASH domain protein coupling meiotic chromosomes to the cytoskeleton.
Novel SR-protein-specific kinase, SRPK2, disassembles nuclear speckles.
Point mutations affecting antagonist affinity and agonist dependent gating of GABAA receptor channels.
The PZP Domain of AF10 Senses Unmodified H3K27 to Regulate DOT1L-Mediated Methylation of H3K79.
Identification of a primary target of thalidomide teratogenicity.
Candida albicans Als1p: an adhesin that is a downstream effector of the EFG1 filamentation pathway.
Substrate-assisted catalysis by PARP10 limits its activity to mono-ADP-ribosylation.
Structural basis of substrate recognition by a bacterial deubiquitinase important for dynamics of phagosome ubiquitination.
Selective coactivation of estrogen-dependent transcription by CITED1 CBP/p300-binding protein.
The FANCM ortholog Fml1 promotes recombination at stalled replication forks and limits crossing over during DNA double-strand break repair.
Inactivation of small Rho GTPases by the multifunctional RTX toxin from Vibrio cholerae.
Cpx signal transduction is influenced by a conserved N-terminal domain in the novel inhibitor CpxP and the periplasmic protease DegP.
Deletion of a chaperonin 60 beta gene leads to cell death in the Arabidopsis lesion initiation 1 mutant.
Regulation of glutamate metabolism by protein kinases in mycobacteria.
Expression cloning of the pancreatic beta cell receptor for the gluco-incretin hormone glucagon-like peptide 1.
Genome-wide and functional annotation of human E3 ubiquitin ligases identifies MULAN, a mitochondrial E3 that regulates the organelle's dynamics and signaling.
CED-2/CrkII and CED-10/Rac control phagocytosis and cell migration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Phytoene Desaturase from Oryza sativa: Oligomeric Assembly, Membrane Association and Preliminary 3D-Analysis.
A histone H3 methyltransferase controls epigenetic events required for meiotic prophase.
Bakers' yeast, a model for fungal biofilm formation.
Structure of dengue virus: implications for flavivirus organization, maturation, and fusion.
Reconstituted human cardiac KATP channels: functional identity with the native channels from the sarcolemma of human ventricular cells.
Structural analysis of the interaction between Dishevelled2 and clathrin AP-2 adaptor, a critical step in noncanonical Wnt signaling.
CCM-3/STRIPAK promotes seamless tube extension through endocytic recycling.
Adiponutrin functions as a nutritionally regulated lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase.
Characterization of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis-linked P56S mutation of vesicle-associated membrane protein-associated protein B (VAPB/ALS8).
Structural dissection and high-throughput screening of mannosylglycerate synthase.
A novel autofeedback loop of Dec1 transcription involved in circadian rhythm regulation.
Identification and characterization of a novel MAP kinase kinase kinase, MLTK.
The Spir actin organizers are involved in vesicle transport processes.
Role of Bmi-1 and Ring1A in H2A ubiquitylation and Hox gene silencing.
Loss of plastoglobule kinases ABC1K1 and ABC1K3 causes conditional degreening, modified prenyl-lipids, and recruitment of the jasmonic acid pathway.
The ubiquitin-specific protease USP47 is a novel beta-TRCP interactor regulating cell survival.
Candida albicans Ssa1/2p is the cell envelope binding protein for human salivary histatin 5.
Effects of Different Variants in the ENPP1 Gene on the Functional Properties of Ectonucleotide Pyrophosphatase/Phosphodiesterase Family Member 1.
Combinatorial diversity of fission yeast SCF ubiquitin ligases by homo- and heterooligomeric assemblies of the F-box proteins Pop1p and Pop2p.
Caspr and caspr2 are required for both radial and longitudinal organization of myelinated axons.
The Fanconi anemia complementation group C gene product: structural evidence of multifunctionality.
The role of cryptochrome 2 in flowering in Arabidopsis.
TOR deficiency in C. elegans causes developmental arrest and intestinal atrophy by inhibition of mRNA translation.
Structural basis of sugar-recognizing ubiquitin ligase.
The ubiquitin isopeptidase UBPY regulates endosomal ubiquitin dynamics and is essential for receptor down-regulation.
Apoptosis-inducing factor (AIF) inhibits protein synthesis by interacting with the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit p44 (eIF3g).
Structural basis for the specific inhibition of protein kinase G, a virulence factor of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Inhibition of Hsp90 with synthetic macrolactones: synthesis and structural and biological evaluation of ring and conformational analogs of radicicol.
CK beta-11/macrophage inflammatory protein-3 beta/EBI1-ligand chemokine is an efficacious chemoattractant for T and B cells.
The structure of FADD and its mode of interaction with procaspase-8.
Translationally controlled tumor protein is a conserved mitotic growth integrator in animals and plants.
Lysophospholipase L1 from Escherichia coli K-12 overproducer.
RBBP6 interacts with multifunctional protein YB-1 through its RING finger domain, leading to ubiquitination and proteosomal degradation of YB-1.
Crystal structure of glucagon-like peptide-1 in complex with the extracellular domain of the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor.
Digenic inheritance of an SMCHD1 mutation and an FSHD-permissive D4Z4 allele causes facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy type 2.
dFADD, a novel death domain-containing adapter protein for the Drosophila caspase DREDD.
B7-H1, a third member of the B7 family, co-stimulates T-cell proliferation and interleukin-10 secretion.
A nonsense mutation in MSX1 causes Witkop syndrome.
The Nucleolar Protein GLTSCR2 Is an Upstream Negative Regulator of the Oncogenic Nucleophosmin-MYC Axis.
PARC and CUL7 form atypical cullin RING ligase complexes.
Lrp4 is a receptor for Agrin and forms a complex with MuSK.
Functional interactions between Sp1 or Sp3 and the helicase-like transcription factor mediate basal expression from the human plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 gene.
A glycosylated type I membrane protein becomes cytosolic when peptide: N-glycanase is compromised.
The winged-helix/forkhead protein myocyte nuclear factor beta (MNF-beta) forms a co-repressor complex with mammalian sin3B.
X-ray structure of fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase family member Homo sapiens FLJ36880.
The Drosophila ubiquitin-specific protease dUSP36/Scny targets IMD to prevent constitutive immune signaling.
Role of individual MARK isoforms in phosphorylation of tau at Ser²⁶² in Alzheimer's disease.
Myopalladin, a novel 145-kilodalton sarcomeric protein with multiple roles in Z-disc and I-band protein assemblies.
Mouse 5HT1B serotonin receptor: cloning, functional expression, and localization in motor control centers.
Regulation of BOB.1/OBF.1 stability by SIAH.
A previously unidentified amino-terminal domain regulates transcriptional activity of wild-type and disease-associated human GLI2.
Transcriptional induction by aromatic amino acids in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
PIG-S and PIG-T, essential for GPI anchor attachment to proteins, form a complex with GAA1 and GPI8.
Adhesive and mammalian transglutaminase substrate properties of Candida albicans Hwp1.
Hdac2 regulates the cardiac hypertrophic response by modulating Gsk3 beta activity.
Identification and characterisation of a novel splice variant of the human CB1 receptor.
SMC1 is a downstream effector in the ATM/NBS1 branch of the human S-phase checkpoint.
Tyrosine phosphorylation and complex formation of Cbl-b upon T cell receptor stimulation.
A corepressor/coactivator exchange complex required for transcriptional activation by nuclear receptors and other regulated transcription factors.
The human homolog of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Apg7p is a Protein-activating enzyme for multiple substrates including human Apg12p, GATE-16, GABARAP, and MAP-LC3.
Regulation of melastatin, a TRP-related protein, through interaction with a cytoplasmic isoform.
Identification of biologically active chemokine isoforms from ascitic fluid and elevated levels of CCL18/pulmonary and activation-regulated chemokine in ovarian carcinoma.
Mutually exclusive interactions drive handover of mRNA from export adaptors to TAP.
Molecular characterization of two Arabidopsis Ire1 homologs, endoplasmic reticulum-located transmembrane protein kinases.
Transcriptional regulation of apolipoprotein C-III gene expression by the orphan nuclear receptor RORalpha.
Recurrent mutations in the U2AF1 splicing factor in myelodysplastic syndromes.
Molecular properties of Zic proteins as transcriptional regulators and their relationship to GLI proteins.
The steroidogenic acute regulatory protein homolog MLN64, a late endosomal cholesterol-binding protein.
Structural basis for induced formation of the inflammatory mediator prostaglandin E2.
Mutation of cysteine 171 of pestivirus E rns RNase prevents homodimer formation and leads to attenuation of classical swine fever virus.
Identification of a family of animal sphingomyelin synthases.
Myristic acid is coupled to a structural protein of polyoma virus and SV40.
Fbx7 functions in the SCF complex regulating Cdk1-cyclin B-phosphorylated hepatoma up-regulated protein (HURP) proteolysis by a proline-rich region.
Laforin is a glycogen phosphatase, deficiency of which leads to elevated phosphorylation of glycogen in vivo.
Conformational changes associated with cofactor/substrate binding of 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase from Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae: Implications for enzyme mechanism.
Characterization of the post-translational modification of recombinant human BMP-15 mature protein.
A single MIU motif of MINDY-1 recognizes K48-linked polyubiquitin chains.
Activation of human furin precursor processing endoprotease occurs by an intramolecular autoproteolytic cleavage.
Human xanthine oxidase changes its substrate specificity to aldehyde oxidase type upon mutation of amino acid residues in the active site: roles of active site residues in binding and activation of purine substrate.
Two mutations convert mammalian xanthine oxidoreductase to highly superoxide-productive xanthine oxidase.
The mouse Y-box protein, MSY2, is associated with a kinase on non-polysomal mouse testicular mRNAs.
Identification and characterization of Asef2, a guanine-nucleotide exchange factor specific for Rac1 and Cdc42.
Key residues controlling phenacetin metabolism by human cytochrome P450 2A enzymes.
Cloning, nucleotide sequence, overexpression, and inactivation of the Escherichia coli 2-keto-4-hydroxyglutarate aldolase gene.
Differential phospholipid binding by site 3 and site 4 toxins. Implications for structural variability between voltage-sensitive sodium channel domains.
The C. elegans hook protein, ZYG-12, mediates the essential attachment between the centrosome and nucleus.
IL-37 is a fundamental inhibitor of innate immunity.
Reconstitution of muscarinic modulation of the KCNQ2/KCNQ3 K(+) channels that underlie the neuronal M current.
The inositol trisphosphate receptor regulates a 50-second behavioral rhythm in C. elegans.
pangolin encodes a Lef-1 homologue that acts downstream of Armadillo to transduce the Wingless signal in Drosophila.
Expression of the adenovirus receptor and its interaction with the fiber knob.
Topology of the human and mouse m6A RNA methylomes revealed by m6A-seq.
A JNK signal transduction pathway that mediates morphogenesis and an immune response in Drosophila.
Histone H3.1 and H3.3 complexes mediate nucleosome assembly pathways dependent or independent of DNA synthesis.
Phaiodactylipin, a glycosylated heterodimeric phospholipase A from the venom of the scorpion Anuroctonus phaiodactylus.
Sequence-specific RNA binding mediated by the RNase PH domain of components of the exosome.
Ca(2+)-dependent gene expression mediated by MEF2 transcription factors.
Identification and characterization of RRM-containing coactivator activator (CoAA) as TRBP-interacting protein, and its splice variant as a coactivator modulator (CoAM).
Human RAP1 inhibits non-homologous end joining at telomeres.
Functional analysis of human P5, a protein disulfide isomerase homologue.
Feedback regulation of the MBF transcription factor by cyclin Cig2.
Floor plate and motor neuron induction by different concentrations of the amino-terminal cleavage product of sonic hedgehog autoproteolysis.
JNK is required for effector T-cell function but not for T-cell activation.
CLIF, a novel cycle-like factor, regulates the circadian oscillation of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 gene expression.
A mammalian Partner of inscuteable binds NuMA and regulates mitotic spindle organization.
Characterization of classical swine fever virus entry by using pseudotyped viruses: E1 and E2 are sufficient to mediate viral entry.
Human Drg1 is a potassium-dependent GTPase enhanced by Lerepo4.
Two thromboxane A2 receptor isoforms in human platelets. Opposite coupling to adenylyl cyclase with different sensitivity to Arg60 to Leu mutation.
cAmp regulation of arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferase (AANAT, EC 2.3.1.87): a new cell line (1E7) provides evidence of intracellular AANAT activation.
Dissection of the XChk1 signaling pathway in Xenopus laevis embryos.
GCIP, a novel human grap2 and cyclin D interacting protein, regulates E2F-mediated transcriptional activity.
A human ortholog of archaeal DNA repair protein Hef is defective in Fanconi anemia complementation group M.
Bleeding due to disruption of a cargo-specific ER-to-Golgi transport complex.
Targeted deletion of Tssk1 and 2 causes male infertility due to haploinsufficiency.
Bcl11a is essential for normal lymphoid development.
Claudin association with CD81 defines hepatitis C virus entry.
Zipzap/p200 is a novel zinc finger protein contributing to cardiac gene regulation.
WWOX, the FRA16D gene, behaves as a suppressor of tumor growth.
Phosphoenolpyruvate- and ATP-dependent dihydroxyacetone kinases: covalent substrate-binding and kinetic mechanism.
New components of a system for phosphate accumulation and polyphosphate metabolism in Saccharomyces cerevisiae revealed by genomic expression analysis.
A novel zinc-regulated human zinc transporter, hZTL1, is localized to the enterocyte apical membrane.
Promotion of NEDD-CUL1 conjugate cleavage by COP9 signalosome.
cORF and RcRE, the Rev/Rex and RRE/RxRE homologues of the human endogenous retrovirus family HTDV/HERV-K.
Ligands for EPH-related receptor tyrosine kinases that require membrane attachment or clustering for activity.
Reversal of histone lysine trimethylation by the JMJD2 family of histone demethylases.
The phox homology (PX) domain-dependent, 3-phosphoinositide-mediated association of sorting nexin-1 with an early sorting endosomal compartment is required for its ability to regulate epidermal growth factor receptor degradation.
Mammalian Rap1 controls telomere function and gene expression through binding to telomeric and extratelomeric sites.
p21-activated protein kinase 4 (PAK4) interacts with the keratinocyte growth factor receptor and participates in keratinocyte growth factor-mediated inhibition of oxidant-induced cell death.
Acetylation of αA-crystallin in the human lens: effects on structure and chaperone function.
Mice deficient for all PIM kinases display reduced body size and impaired responses to hematopoietic growth factors.
Structure of a human carcinogen-converting enzyme, SULT1A1. Structural and kinetic implications of substrate inhibition.
APH-1 interacts with mature and immature forms of presenilins and nicastrin and may play a role in maturation of presenilin.nicastrin complexes.
The RAD2 domain of human exonuclease 1 exhibits 5' to 3' exonuclease and flap structure-specific endonuclease activities.
DmGEN shows a flap endonuclease activity, cleaving the blocked-flap structure and model replication fork.
Proteomic identification of M. tuberculosis protein kinase substrates: PknB recruits GarA, a FHA domain-containing protein, through activation loop-mediated interactions.
The gain-of-function Arabidopsis acd6 mutant reveals novel regulation and function of the salicylic acid signaling pathway in controlling cell death, defenses, and cell growth.
Biochemical characterization of two functional human liver acyl-CoA oxidase isoforms 1a and 1b encoded by a single gene.
Plant phospholipase Dalpha is an acidic phospholipase active at near-physiological Ca(2+) concentrations.
Congenital glutamine deficiency with glutamine synthetase mutations.
Defective neurogenesis in citron kinase knockout mice by altered cytokinesis and massive apoptosis.
Mutations in genes encoding the cadherin receptor-ligand pair DCHS1 and FAT4 disrupt cerebral cortical development.
Plexin-neuropilin-1 complexes form functional semaphorin-3A receptors.
Hippo signaling is a potent in vivo growth and tumor suppressor pathway in the mammalian liver.
MT1-MMP-deficient mice develop dwarfism, osteopenia, arthritis, and connective tissue disease due to inadequate collagen turnover.
Mutations in microcephalin cause aberrant regulation of chromosome condensation.
The Bro1-related protein HD-PTP/PTPN23 is required for endosomal cargo sorting and multivesicular body morphogenesis.
Mdm2-dependent ubiquitination and degradation of the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor.
The Ccr4-NOT deadenylase subunits CNOT7 and CNOT8 have overlapping roles and modulate cell proliferation.
The cleavable carboxyl-terminus of the small coat protein of cowpea mosaic virus is involved in RNA encapsidation.
Cloning and expression of a divergent integrin subunit beta 8.
Cloning, bacterial expression, purification, and characterization of the cytoplasmic domain of rat LAR, a receptor-like protein tyrosine phosphatase.
Negative regulation of Ros receptor tyrosine kinase signaling. An epithelial function of the SH2 domain protein tyrosine phosphatase SHP-1.
Orphan nuclear hormone receptor Rev-erbalpha regulates the human apolipoprotein CIII promoter.
KCNK2: reversible conversion of a hippocampal potassium leak into a voltage-dependent channel.
Identification of the platelet ADP receptor targeted by antithrombotic drugs.
A novel mammalian flavin-dependent histone demethylase.
Inhibition of retroviral RNA production by ZAP, a CCCH-type zinc finger protein.
Efficient production and processing of elastase and LasA by Pseudomonas aeruginosa require zinc and calcium ions.
Mechanism of the reaction catalyzed by isoaspartyl dipeptidase from Escherichia coli.
Identification and characterization of human glucose transporter-like protein-9 (GLUT9): alternative splicing alters trafficking.
Dissecting the protein-RNA and RNA-RNA interactions in the nucleocapsid-mediated dimerization and isomerization of HIV-1 stemloop 1.
Regulation of the UNC-5 netrin receptor initiates the first reorientation of migrating distal tip cells in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Steady-state and pre-steady-state kinetic analysis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis pantothenate synthetase.
Separase is required for chromosome segregation during meiosis I in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Movement of yeast 1,3-beta-glucan synthase is essential for uniform cell wall synthesis.
OAZ uses distinct DNA- and protein-binding zinc fingers in separate BMP-Smad and Olf signaling pathways.
Proteasome recruitment and activation of the Uch37 deubiquitinating enzyme by Adrm1.
Leptin inhibits bone formation through a hypothalamic relay: a central control of bone mass.
Crystal structure of the kinase domain of human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2: a key enzyme in angiogenesis.
Involvement of a nuclear-encoded basic helix-loop-helix protein in transcription of the light-responsive promoter of psbD.
SH3BP1, an exocyst-associated RhoGAP, inactivates Rac1 at the front to drive cell motility.
SRPK1 and LBR protein kinases show identical substrate specificities.
Protein kinase D is an essential regulator of C. elegans innate immunity.
Drosophila heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1)/origin recognition complex (ORC) protein is associated with HP1 and ORC and functions in heterochromatin-induced silencing.
Interactions of cyclophilin with the mitochondrial inner membrane and regulation of the permeability transition pore, and cyclosporin A-sensitive channel.
Mitotic phosphorylation of histone H3: spatio-temporal regulation by mammalian Aurora kinases.
Calcium-dependent activation and autolysis of Arabidopsis metacaspase 2d.
Differential gene expression in response to mechanical wounding and insect feeding in Arabidopsis.
EL5, a rice N-acetylchitooligosaccharide elicitor-responsive RING-H2 finger protein, is a ubiquitin ligase which functions in vitro in co-operation with an elicitor-responsive ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme, OsUBC5b.
A core-BRAF35 complex containing histone deacetylase mediates repression of neuronal-specific genes.
Identification of the high molecular weight isoform of phostensin.
Regulation of Drosophila vasa in vivo through paralogous cullin-RING E3 ligase specificity receptors.
RTG-dependent mitochondria to nucleus signaling is negatively regulated by the seven WD-repeat protein Lst8p.
A POP-1 repressor complex restricts inappropriate cell type-specific gene transcription during Caenorhabditis elegans embryogenesis.
Activation of AML1-mediated transcription by MOZ and inhibition by the MOZ-CBP fusion protein.
DYRK1A and glycogen synthase kinase 3beta, a dual-kinase mechanism directing proteasomal degradation of CRY2 for circadian timekeeping.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae Set1 complex includes an Ash2 homologue and methylates histone 3 lysine 4.
CYLD is a deubiquitinating enzyme that negatively regulates NF-kappaB activation by TNFR family members.
The Polycomb-group gene, extra sex combs, encodes a nuclear member of the WD-40 repeat family.
Regulation of DAF-2 receptor signaling by human insulin and ins-1, a member of the unusually large and diverse C. elegans insulin gene family.
Has1p, a member of the DEAD-box family, is required for 40S ribosomal subunit biogenesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
TRIP6 enhances lysophosphatidic acid-induced cell migration by interacting with the lysophosphatidic acid 2 receptor.
The Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome associated protein interacts with HsNip7 and its down-regulation affects gene expression at the transcriptional and translational levels.
JSAP1, a novel jun N-terminal protein kinase (JNK)-binding protein that functions as a Scaffold factor in the JNK signaling pathway.
Mutations in VPS16 and MRT1 stabilize mRNAs by activating an inhibitor of the decapping enzyme.
Differential mRNA translation and meiotic progression require Cdc2-mediated CPEB destruction.
TDP2/TTRAP is the major 5'-tyrosyl DNA phosphodiesterase activity in vertebrate cells and is critical for cellular resistance to topoisomerase II-induced DNA damage.
Male-female differences in fertility and blood pressure in ACE-deficient mice.
Cloning and expression of a fungal L-arabinitol 4-dehydrogenase gene.
Very long chain and long chain acyl-CoA thioesterases in rat liver mitochondria. Identification, purification, characterization, and induction by peroxisome proliferators.
The novel transcription factor e(y)2 interacts with TAF(II)40 and potentiates transcription activation on chromatin templates.
RPA-like mammalian Ctc1-Stn1-Ten1 complex binds to single-stranded DNA and protects telomeres independently of the Pot1 pathway.
Botulinum neurotoxins C, E and F bind gangliosides via a conserved binding site prior to stimulation-dependent uptake with botulinum neurotoxin F utilising the three isoforms of SV2 as second receptor.
Structure of the Qbeta replicase, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase consisting of viral and host proteins.
The Arabidopsis putative G protein-coupled receptor GCR1 interacts with the G protein alpha subunit GPA1 and regulates abscisic acid signaling.
Discoidin domain receptor 2 mediates tumor cell cycle arrest induced by fibrillar collagen.
The E2 ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes direct polyubiquitination to preferred lysines.
Tyrosine 740 phosphorylation of discoidin domain receptor 2 by Src stimulates intramolecular autophosphorylation and Shc signaling complex formation.
Regulation of the polarity protein Par6 by TGFbeta receptors controls epithelial cell plasticity.
Inhibition of cell growth and spreading by stomach cancer-associated protein-tyrosine phosphatase-1 (SAP-1) through dephosphorylation of p130cas.
Tex14, a Plk1-regulated protein, is required for kinetochore-microtubule attachment and regulation of the spindle assembly checkpoint.
Characterization of tescalcin, a novel EF-hand protein with a single Ca2+-binding site: metal-binding properties, localization in tissues and cells, and effect on calcineurin.
An RNA switch at the 5' splice site requires ATP and the DEAD box protein Prp28p.
Histone H3 phosphorylation by IKK-alpha is critical for cytokine-induced gene expression.
Compound heterozygosity for KLF1 mutations is associated with microcytic hypochromic anemia and increased fetal hemoglobin.
Inactivation of LRG-47 and IRG-47 reveals a family of interferon gamma-inducible genes with essential, pathogen-specific roles in resistance to infection.
Sequence of human galanin and its inhibition of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from RIN cells.
The AtTudor2, a protein with SN-Tudor domains, is involved in control of seed germination in Arabidopsis.
Translocation of protein tyrosine phosphatase Pez/PTPD2/PTP36 to the nucleus is associated with induction of cell proliferation.
Loss of BETA2/NeuroD leads to malformation of the dentate gyrus and epilepsy.
NS5 of dengue virus mediates STAT2 binding and degradation.
The Srk1 protein kinase is a target for the Sty1 stress-activated MAPK in fission yeast.
The human interferon- and estrogen-regulated ISG20/HEM45 gene product degrades single-stranded RNA and DNA in vitro.
Microtubule minus-end anchorage at centrosomal and non-centrosomal sites: the role of ninein.
The pre-autophagosomal structure organized by concerted functions of APG genes is essential for autophagosome formation.
The Drosophila melanogaster LEM-domain protein MAN1.
PIP3-independent activation of TorC2 and PKB at the cell's leading edge mediates chemotaxis.
Myotubularin and MTMR2, phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphatases mutated in myotubular myopathy and type 4B Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Neural and orofacial defects in Folp1 knockout mice [corrected].
HIV-1 Tat protein-mediated transactivation of the HIV-1 long terminal repeat promoter is potentiated by a novel nuclear Tat-interacting protein of 110 kDa, Tip110.
Control of flowering and cell fate by LIF2, an RNA binding partner of the polycomb complex component LHP1.
Cdc4, a protein required for the onset of S phase, serves an essential function during G(2)/M transition in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Functional characterization of human 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase isoform 8: cloning, tissue distribution, gene structure, and enzymatic activity.
Isolation and functional expression of human COQ2, a gene encoding a polyprenyl transferase involved in the synthesis of CoQ.
Glia-derived D-serine controls NMDA receptor activity and synaptic memory.
Perception of the bacterial PAMP EF-Tu by the receptor EFR restricts Agrobacterium-mediated transformation.
A new, tenth subunit of TFIIH is responsible for the DNA repair syndrome trichothiodystrophy group A.
Chromatin remodeling proteins interact with pericentrin to regulate centrosome integrity.
CHOLINE TRANSPORTER-LIKE1 is required for sieve plate development to mediate long-distance cell-to-cell communication.
DmGEN, a novel RAD2 family endo-exonuclease from Drosophila melanogaster.
The crystal structure of human adenylate kinase 6: An adenylate kinase localized to the cell nucleus.
The anaphase-promoting complex and separin are required for embryonic anterior-posterior axis formation.
A dendritic cell-specific intercellular adhesion molecule 3-grabbing nonintegrin (DC-SIGN)-related protein is highly expressed on human liver sinusoidal endothelial cells and promotes HIV-1 infection.
Keap1 represses nuclear activation of antioxidant responsive elements by Nrf2 through binding to the amino-terminal Neh2 domain.
Kinase-inactivated ULK proteins inhibit autophagy via their conserved C-terminal domains using an Atg13-independent mechanism.
A Saccharomyces gene family involved in invasive growth, cell-cell adhesion, and mating.
NF-kappaB activation by a signaling complex containing TRAF2, TANK and TBK1, a novel IKK-related kinase.
Identification and characterization of a leukocyte-specific component of the nuclear body.
Mlx, a novel Max-like BHLHZip protein that interacts with the Max network of transcription factors.
SUMO-1 modification of the Wilms' tumor suppressor WT1.
Fox-2 splicing factor binds to a conserved intron motif to promote inclusion of protein 4.1R alternative exon 16.
AtMYB44 regulates WRKY70 expression and modulates antagonistic interaction between salicylic acid and jasmonic acid signaling.
The Arl4 family of small G proteins can recruit the cytohesin Arf6 exchange factors to the plasma membrane.
Regulation of alpha operon gene expression in Escherichia coli. A novel form of translational coupling.
Calpains mediate integrin attachment complex maintenance of adult muscle in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The Sjögren-Larsson syndrome gene encodes a hexadecenal dehydrogenase of the sphingosine 1-phosphate degradation pathway.
A physical and functional map of the human TNF-alpha/NF-kappa B signal transduction pathway.
Protein kinase D regulates basolateral membrane protein exit from trans-Golgi network.
RAD6-dependent DNA repair is linked to modification of PCNA by ubiquitin and SUMO.
cDNA clone encoding Drosophila transcription factor TFIID.
TAF9b (formerly TAF9L) is a bona fide TAF that has unique and overlapping roles with TAF9.
p53 target genes sestrin1 and sestrin2 connect genotoxic stress and mTOR signaling.
Casq2 deletion causes sarcoplasmic reticulum volume increase, premature Ca2+ release, and catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
Proteolytic targeting of Rab29 by an effector protein distinguishes the intracellular compartments of human-adapted and broad-host Salmonella.
Chfr defines a mitotic stress checkpoint that delays entry into metaphase.
Structure of mammalian protein geranylgeranyltransferase type-I.
Inhibition by drebrin of the actin-bundling activity of brain fascin, a protein localized in filopodia of growth cones.
[35S]GTPgammaS binding at the human dopamine D4 receptor variants hD4.2, hD4.4 and hD4.7 following stimulation by dopamine, epinephrine and norepinephrine.
Thymine DNA glycosylase is essential for active DNA demethylation by linked deamination-base excision repair.
A mutation in Orai1 causes immune deficiency by abrogating CRAC channel function.
Dominant role of smooth muscle L-type calcium channel Cav1.2 for blood pressure regulation.
Drosophila filamin encoded by the cheerio locus is a component of ovarian ring canals.
A synergy control motif within the attenuator domain of CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein alpha inhibits transcriptional synergy through its PIASy-enhanced modification by SUMO-1 or SUMO-3.
An ancient family of human endogenous retroviruses encodes a functional homolog of the HIV-1 Rev protein.
Intramembrane proteolytic cleavage by human signal peptide peptidase like 3 and malaria signal peptide peptidase.
TNF receptor-associated factor-1 (TRAF1) negatively regulates Toll/IL-1 receptor domain-containing adaptor inducing IFN-beta (TRIF)-mediated signaling.
Interferon-inducible protein, P56, inhibits HPV DNA replication by binding to the viral protein E1.
Loss-of-function mutations in RAB18 cause Warburg micro syndrome.
Human and mouse mutations in WDR35 cause short-rib polydactyly syndromes due to abnormal ciliogenesis.
Stabilization of urokinase and urokinase receptor mRNAs by HuR is linked to its cytoplasmic accumulation induced by activated mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2.
Importance of the C-terminal domain of the human GW182 protein TNRC6C for translational repression.
Alternative forms of rat TrkC with different functional capabilities.
The putative SWI/SNF complex subunit BRAHMA activates flower homeotic genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
HSSB1 and hSSB2 form similar multiprotein complexes that participate in DNA damage response.
SYT14L, especially its C2 domain, is involved in regulating melanocyte differentiation.
Arachidonic acid promotes phosphorylation of 5-lipoxygenase at Ser-271 by MAPK-activated protein kinase 2 (MK2).
Cystinosin is a melanosomal protein that regulates melanin synthesis.
CLOCK/BMAL1 regulates human nocturnin transcription through binding to the E-box of nocturnin promoter.
No tail co-operates with non-canonical Wnt signaling to regulate posterior body morphogenesis in zebrafish.
Pathogenic NPHP5 mutations impair protein interaction with Cep290, a prerequisite for ciliogenesis.
Structure of measles virus hemagglutinin bound to its epithelial receptor nectin-4.
Oxidoreductase activity is necessary for N-glycosylation of cysteine-proximal acceptor sites in glycoproteins.
BDCA-2, a novel plasmacytoid dendritic cell-specific type II C-type lectin, mediates antigen capture and is a potent inhibitor of interferon alpha/beta induction.
Amotl2 is essential for cell movements in zebrafish embryo and regulates c-Src translocation.
Ubiquitin-dependent degradation of IkappaBalpha is mediated by a ubiquitin ligase Skp1/Cul 1/F-box protein FWD1.
Characterization of ADAMTS-9 and ADAMTS-20 as a distinct ADAMTS subfamily related to Caenorhabditis elegans GON-1.
PtdIns-specific MPR pathway association of a novel WD40 repeat protein, WIPI49.
Molecular identification and characterization of a family of kinases with homology to Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinases I/IV.
Modulation of polyketide synthase activity by accessory proteins during lovastatin biosynthesis.
Role of glycosphingolipids in the function of human serotonin₁A receptors.
A non-enzymatic function of 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 10 is required for mitochondrial integrity and cell survival.
During both interphase and mitosis, DNA topoisomerase II interacts with DNA as well as RNA through the protein's C-terminal domain.
Two domains of p80 katanin regulate microtubule severing and spindle pole targeting by p60 katanin.
Mutational and structural studies of the diisopropylfluorophosphatase from Loligo vulgaris shed new light on the catalytic mechanism of the enzyme.
Human ECT2 is an exchange factor for Rho GTPases, phosphorylated in G2/M phases, and involved in cytokinesis.
Drf1, a novel regulatory subunit for human Cdc7 kinase.
Potentiation of serum response factor activity by a family of myocardin-related transcription factors.
Poliovirus 2C protein forms homo-oligomeric structures required for ATPase activity.
Induction of germ cell formation by oskar.
Characterization of a mammalian homolog of the GCN2 eukaryotic initiation factor 2alpha kinase.
Mutagenesis of E477 or K505 in the B' domain of human topoisomerase II beta increases the requirement for magnesium ions during strand passage.
Retinopathy mutations in the bZIP protein NRL alter phosphorylation and transcriptional activity.
Characterization of the enzymatic activity of hChlR1, a novel human DNA helicase.
Teneurins instruct synaptic partner matching in an olfactory map.
HAP1 facilitates effects of mutant huntingtin on inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate-induced Ca release in primary culture of striatal medium spiny neurons.
A novel RNA polymerase II C-terminal domain phosphatase that preferentially dephosphorylates serine 5.
Binding and regulation of HIF-1alpha by a subunit of the proteasome complex, PSMA7.
Caspase-dependent conversion of Dicer ribonuclease into a death-promoting deoxyribonuclease.
The RBCC gene RFP2 (Leu5) encodes a novel transmembrane E3 ubiquitin ligase involved in ERAD.
In vivo evidence of the critical role of cadherin-5 in murine vascular integrity.
T6BP and NDP52 are myosin VI binding partners with potential roles in cytokine signalling and cell adhesion.
Ceacam1a-/- mice are completely resistant to infection by murine coronavirus mouse hepatitis virus A59.
IRAK-4: a novel member of the IRAK family with the properties of an IRAK-kinase.
Characterization of the targeting, binding, and phosphorylation site domains of an A kinase anchor protein and a myristoylated alanine-rich C kinase substrate-like analog that are encoded by a single gene.
Generation of a novel A kinase anchor protein and a myristoylated alanine-rich C kinase substrate-like analog from a single gene.
STIM1, an essential and conserved component of store-operated Ca2+ channel function.
Chloroplast FtsY, chloroplast signal recognition particle, and GTP are required to reconstitute the soluble phase of light-harvesting chlorophyll protein transport into thylakoid membranes.
Regulation of myotubularin-related (MTMR)2 phosphatidylinositol phosphatase by MTMR5, a catalytically inactive phosphatase.
The oligosaccharyltransferase subunits OST48, DAD1 and KCP2 function as ubiquitous and selective modulators of mammalian N-glycosylation.
Complex formation between deoxyhypusine synthase and its protein substrate, the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A (eIF5A) precursor.
CDK-dependent phosphorylation of Mob2 is essential for hyphal development in Candida albicans.
A splice variant of the human CCA-adding enzyme with modified activity.
The tyrosine kinase ACK1 associates with clathrin-coated vesicles through a binding motif shared by arrestin and other adaptors.
Constitutive nuclear localization of an alternatively spliced sirtuin-2 isoform.
The structure and catalytic mechanism of a poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase.
Systemic RNA Interference Deficiency-1 (SID-1) Extracellular Domain Selectively Binds Long Double-stranded RNA and Is Required for RNA Transport by SID-1.
A Golgi-associated PDZ domain protein modulates cystic fibrosis transmembrane regulator plasma membrane expression.
Purification and characterization of two types of fumarase from Escherichia coli.
Regulation of Drosophila neural development by a putative secreted protein.
Characterization of the enzymatic activity of human kallikrein 6: Autoactivation, substrate specificity, and regulation by inhibitors.
Cep68 and Cep215 (Cdk5rap2) are required for centrosome cohesion.
A component of the multisynthetase complex is a multifunctional aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase.
The Ste20-like kinase SvkA of Dictyostelium discoideum is essential for late stages of cytokinesis.
Polycomb-like 2 associates with PRC2 and regulates transcriptional networks during mouse embryonic stem cell self-renewal and differentiation.
Synapses are regulated by the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase Fer in a pathway mediated by p120catenin, Fer, SHP-2, and beta-catenin.
Calcofluor antifungal action depends on chitin and a functional high-osmolarity glycerol response (HOG) pathway: evidence for a physiological role of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae HOG pathway under noninducing conditions.
Cyclin Y, a novel membrane-associated cyclin, interacts with PFTK1.
Proton motive force drives the interaction of the inner membrane TolA and outer membrane pal proteins in Escherichia coli.
R-spondins function as ligands of the orphan receptors LGR4 and LGR5 to regulate Wnt/beta-catenin signaling.
PJA1, encoding a RING-H2 finger ubiquitin ligase, is a novel human X chromosome gene abundantly expressed in brain.
Pseudomonas fluorescens WCS374r-induced systemic resistance in rice against Magnaporthe oryzae is based on pseudobactin-mediated priming for a salicylic acid-repressible multifaceted defense response.
Characterization of the CD200 receptor family in mice and humans and their interactions with CD200.
Isolation and properties of the signal region from ovalbumin.
FAT10, a ubiquitin-independent signal for proteasomal degradation.
Locomotion defects, together with Pins, regulates heterotrimeric G-protein signaling during Drosophila neuroblast asymmetric divisions.
The trithorax gene, a trans-acting regulator of the bithorax complex in Drosophila, encodes a protein with zinc-binding domains.
Human lysosomal protective protein has cathepsin A-like activity distinct from its protective function.
HIV-1 Vpu neutralizes the antiviral factor Tetherin/BST-2 by binding it and directing its beta-TrCP2-dependent degradation.
Inhibition of protein kinase Calpha prevents endothelial cell migration and vascular tube formation in vitro and myocardial neovascularization in vivo.
Gene Expression Profiling of Muscle Stem Cells Identifies Novel Regulators of Postnatal Myogenesis.
Candidate tumor suppressor HYAL2 is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored cell-surface receptor for jaagsiekte sheep retrovirus, the envelope protein of which mediates oncogenic transformation.
A tissue-specific variant of the human lysyl oxidase-like protein 3 (LOXL3) functions as an amine oxidase with substrate specificity.
Early endosomal SNAREs form a structurally conserved SNARE complex and fuse liposomes with multiple topologies.
Isolation and properties of Gas8, a growth arrest-specific gene regulated during male gametogenesis to produce a protein associated with the sperm motility apparatus.
Presentation of galectin-1 by extracellular matrix triggers T cell death.
Identification and characterization of mammalian mitochondrial tRNA nucleotidyltransferases.
Retinophilin is a light-regulated phosphoprotein required to suppress photoreceptor dark noise in Drosophila.
EAPF/Phafin-2, a novel endoplasmic reticulum-associated protein, facilitates TNF-alpha-triggered cellular apoptosis through endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
Molecular and functional characterization of a family of rat brain T-type calcium channels.
The delta-opioid receptor: isolation of a cDNA by expression cloning and pharmacological characterization.
Membrane association and RNA binding of recombinant hepatitis A virus protein 2C.
Mitochondrial ADCK3 employs an atypical protein kinase-like fold to enable coenzyme Q biosynthesis.
DCIR-mediated enhancement of HIV-1 infection requires the ITIM-associated signal transduction pathway.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 is an essential regulator of heart function.
Cytokine RANTES released by thrombin-stimulated platelets is a potent attractant for human eosinophils.
Kinetic properties of mutant deoxyguanosine kinase in a case of reversible hepatic mtDNA depletion.
Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase is phosphorylated by protein kinase Ciota /lambda and plays a role in microtubule dynamics in the early secretory pathway.
Molecular evidence for a positive role of Spt4 in transcription elongation.
Elucidation of tRNA-dependent editing by a class II tRNA synthetase and significance for cell viability.
Adipose-specific expression, phosphorylation of Ser794 in insulin receptor substrate-1, and activation in diabetic animals of salt-inducible kinase-2.
G-protein-coupled receptor 30 interacts with receptor activity-modifying protein 3 and confers sex-dependent cardioprotection.
Different properties of SEK1 and MKK7 in dual phosphorylation of stress-induced activated protein kinase SAPK/JNK in embryonic stem cells.
The C-terminal kinase domain of the p34cdc2-related PITSLRE protein kinase (p110C) associates with p21-activated kinase 1 and inhibits its activity during anoikis.
LEM-3 - A LEM domain containing nuclease involved in the DNA damage response in C. elegans.
Interaction of ezrin with the novel guanine nucleotide exchange factor PLEKHG6 promotes RhoG-dependent apical cytoskeleton rearrangements in epithelial cells.
CD3 delta establishes a functional link between the T cell receptor and CD8.
Multiple processing forms and their biological activities of a novel angiogenesis inhibitor vasohibin.
In vitro loading of human cohesin on DNA by the human Scc2-Scc4 loader complex.
Involvement of the MKK6-p38gamma cascade in gamma-radiation-induced cell cycle arrest.
Pitx3 potentiates Nurr1 in dopamine neuron terminal differentiation through release of SMRT-mediated repression.
Matriptase-3 is a novel phylogenetically preserved membrane-anchored serine protease with broad serpin reactivity.
Sra-1 and Nap1 link Rac to actin assembly driving lamellipodia formation.
Lethal, hereditary mutants of phospholamban elude phosphorylation by protein kinase A.
Nrdp1-mediated degradation of the gigantic IAP, BRUCE, is a novel pathway for triggering apoptosis.
A Suv39h-dependent mechanism for silencing S-phase genes in differentiating but not in cycling cells.
Functional assignment of the ORF2-iscS-iscU-iscA-hscB-hscA-fdx-ORF3 gene cluster involved in the assembly of Fe-S clusters in Escherichia coli.
Mammalian formin-1 participates in adherens junctions and polymerization of linear actin cables.
MinK, MiRP1, and MiRP2 diversify Kv3.1 and Kv3.2 potassium channel gating.
Roles of cytochrome P450 3A enzymes in the 2-hydroxylation of 1,4-cineole, a monoterpene cyclic ether, by rat and human liver microsomes.
Arabidopsis gp91phox homologues AtrbohD and AtrbohF are required for accumulation of reactive oxygen intermediates in the plant defense response.
CEP genes regulate root and shoot development in response to environmental cues and are specific to seed plants.
Vesicle-associated membrane protein 3 (VAMP-3) and VAMP-8 are present in human platelets and are required for granule secretion.
Arabidopsis SHY2/IAA3 inhibits auxin-regulated gene expression.
FLS2: an LRR receptor-like kinase involved in the perception of the bacterial elicitor flagellin in Arabidopsis.
Replacement of proteasome subunits X and Y by LMP7 and LMP2 induced by interferon-gamma for acquirement of the functional diversity responsible for antigen processing.
MKP-1 (3CH134), an immediate early gene product, is a dual specificity phosphatase that dephosphorylates MAP kinase in vivo.
Sorting nexin 10 induces giant vacuoles in mammalian cells.
Discovery and characterization of a novel inhibitor of matrix metalloprotease-13 that reduces cartilage damage in vivo without joint fibroplasia side effects.
The C. elegans Discoidin Domain Receptor DDR-2 Modulates the Met-like RTK-JNK Signaling Pathway in Axon Regeneration.
The immunoglobulin superfamily protein Izumo is required for sperm to fuse with eggs.
A small CDC25 dual-specificity tyrosine-phosphatase isoform in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A phosphodiesterase 3B-based signaling complex integrates exchange protein activated by cAMP 1 and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signals in human arterial endothelial cells.
Molecular cloning and characterization of NEU4, the fourth member of the human sialidase gene family.
Mutagenesis of the folC gene encoding folylpolyglutamate synthetase-dihydrofolate synthetase in Escherichia coli.
Identification of transcriptional targets for Six5: implication for the pathogenesis of myotonic dystrophy type 1.
PXY, a receptor-like kinase essential for maintaining polarity during plant vascular-tissue development.
Cell surface molecules involved in infection mediated by lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus glycoprotein.
Structural and functional studies of the Ras-associating and pleckstrin-homology domains of Grb10 and Grb14.
Position-dependent expression of two related homeobox genes in developing vertebrate limbs.
CD63 is an essential cofactor to leukocyte recruitment by endothelial P-selectin.
Activation of the kinase Pelle by Tube in the dorsoventral signal transduction pathway of Drosophila embryo.
CD43 signals induce Type One lineage commitment of human CD4+ T cells.
Nucleotide variation at the myrosinase-encoding locus, TGG1, and quantitative myrosinase enzyme activity variation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
p53-TIGAR axis attenuates mitophagy to exacerbate cardiac damage after ischemia.
The CREB coactivator TORC2 functions as a calcium- and cAMP-sensitive coincidence detector.
Mammalian Ryk is a Wnt coreceptor required for stimulation of neurite outgrowth.
The c-di-GMP binding protein YcgR controls flagellar motor direction and speed to affect chemotaxis by a "backstop brake" mechanism.
BPAG1e maintains keratinocyte polarity through beta4 integrin-mediated modulation of Rac1 and cofilin activities.
Lilliputian: an AF4/FMR2-related protein that controls cell identity and cell growth.
Human leukocyte antigen-B-associated transcript 3 is released from tumor cells and engages the NKp30 receptor on natural killer cells.
Vasohibin as an endothelium-derived negative feedback regulator of angiogenesis.
Atomic structures of human dihydrofolate reductase complexed with NADPH and two lipophilic antifolates at 1.09 a and 1.05 a resolution.
Initial organization of the Drosophila dorsoventral axis depends on an RNA-binding protein encoded by the squid gene.
Structure of the acid-sensing ion channel 1 in complex with the gating modifier Psalmotoxin 1.
A NUDEL-dependent mechanism of neurofilament assembly regulates the integrity of CNS neurons.
Drosophila atm/telomere fusion is required for telomeric localization of HP1 and telomere position effect.
Successive and synergistic action of the Hsp70 and Hsp100 chaperones in protein disaggregation.
The tyrosine phosphatase PRL-1 localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum and the mitotic spindle and is required for normal mitosis.
Pep12p is a multifunctional yeast syntaxin that controls entry of biosynthetic, endocytic and retrograde traffic into the prevacuolar compartment.
Tamm-Horsfall protein knockout mice are more prone to urinary tract infection: rapid communication.
The chlorate-resistant and photomorphogenesis-defective mutant cr88 encodes a chloroplast-targeted HSP90.
Multifunctional acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 is essential for very long chain fatty acid elongation and embryo development in Arabidopsis.
FLJ23654 encodes a heart protein phosphatase 1-binding protein (Hepp1).
Molecular pharmacological phenotyping of EBI2. An orphan seven-transmembrane receptor with constitutive activity.
RAD51C is required for Holliday junction processing in mammalian cells.
WNK3 modulates transport of Cl- in and out of cells: implications for control of cell volume and neuronal excitability.
Control of mammalian glycogen synthase by PAS kinase.
WNK3 kinase is a positive regulator of NKCC2 and NCC, renal cation-Cl- cotransporters required for normal blood pressure homeostasis.
Nedd4 regulates ubiquitination and stability of the guanine-nucleotide exchange factor CNrasGEF.
G-protein signaling through tubby proteins.
Interactions among three distinct CesA proteins essential for cellulose synthesis.
Differential stimulation of PKC phosphorylation of potassium channels by ZIP1 and ZIP2.
Pc2-mediated sumoylation of Smad-interacting protein 1 attenuates transcriptional repression of E-cadherin.
Unanchored K48-linked polyubiquitin synthesized by the E3-ubiquitin ligase TRIM6 stimulates the interferon-IKKε kinase-mediated antiviral response.
CACNA1D de novo mutations in autism spectrum disorders activate Cav1.3 L-type calcium channels.
Drosophila gene tao-1 encodes proteins with and without a Ste20 kinase domain that affect cytoskeletal architecture and cell migration differently.
Set domain-containing protein, G9a, is a novel lysine-preferring mammalian histone methyltransferase with hyperactivity and specific selectivity to lysines 9 and 27 of histone H3.
Control of Drosophila perineurial glial growth by interacting neurotransmitter-mediated signaling pathways.
B-aggressive lymphoma family proteins have unique domains that modulate transcription and exhibit poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity.
Hey basic helix-loop-helix transcription factors are repressors of GATA4 and GATA6 and restrict expression of the GATA target gene ANF in fetal hearts.
MCAF mediates MBD1-dependent transcriptional repression.
Macroautophagy is required for multicellular development of the social amoeba Dictyostelium discoideum.
A second PDZ-containing serine protease contributes to activation of the sporulation transcription factor sigmaK in Bacillus subtilis.
The flavivirus NS5 protein is a true RNA guanylyltransferase that catalyzes a two-step reaction to form the RNA cap structure.
Leiomodin-3 dysfunction results in thin filament disorganization and nemaline myopathy.
RHO binding to FAM65A regulates Golgi reorientation during cell migration.
Arrested Embryos from the bio1 Auxotroph of Arabidopsis thaliana Contain Reduced Levels of Biotin.
Identification of CHIP, a novel tetratricopeptide repeat-containing protein that interacts with heat shock proteins and negatively regulates chaperone functions.
The Importance of cGMP Signaling in Sensory Cilia for Body Size Regulation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Functional human transcobalamin II isoproteins are secreted by insect cells using the baculovirus expression system.
Functional analysis of alternative isoforms of the transcription factor PAX3 in melanocytes in vitro.
Differential activities, subcellular distribution and tissue expression patterns of three members of Slingshot family phosphatases that dephosphorylate cofilin.
Vibrio cholerae MARTX toxin heterologous translocation of beta-lactamase and roles of individual effector domains on cytoskeleton dynamics.
LKB1 and SAD kinases define a pathway required for the polarization of cortical neurons.
Megalin mediates selenoprotein P uptake by kidney proximal tubule epithelial cells.
Cleavage of poly(A)-binding protein by poliovirus 3C proteinase inhibits viral internal ribosome entry site-mediated translation.
Inhibition of MEPE cleavage by Phex.
Human intelectin is a novel soluble lectin that recognizes galactofuranose in carbohydrate chains of bacterial cell wall.
A new ERK2 binding protein, Naf1, attenuates the EGF/ERK2 nuclear signaling.
Analysis of human tyrosyl-DNA phosphodiesterase I catalytic residues.
Interaction with cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator-associated ligand (CAL) inhibits beta1-adrenergic receptor surface expression.
Desulfoglucosinolate sulfotransferases from Arabidopsis thaliana catalyze the final step in the biosynthesis of the glucosinolate core structure.
Characterization of plasmin-mediated activation of plasma procarboxypeptidase B. Modulation by glycosaminoglycans.
Raf-1-associated protein phosphatase 2A as a positive regulator of kinase activation.
A novel E3 ubiquitin ligase TRAC-1 positively regulates T cell activation.
Coactivator-associated arginine methyltransferase 1, CARM1, affects pre-mRNA splicing in an isoform-specific manner.
Mu and kappa opioid receptors activate ERK/MAPK via different protein kinase C isoforms and secondary messengers in astrocytes.
Flt3 mutations from patients with acute myeloid leukemia induce transformation of 32D cells mediated by the Ras and STAT5 pathways.
Involvement of yeast YOL151W/GRE2 in ergosterol metabolism.
Functional and protein chemical characterization of the N-terminal domain of the rat corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1.
Spartan/C1orf124 is important to prevent UV-induced mutagenesis.
The DEAD box protein Ddx42p modulates the function of ASPP2, a stimulator of apoptosis.
A radiochemical assay for beta-ureidopropionase using radiolabeled N-carbamyl-beta-alanine obtained via hydrolysis of [2-(14)C]5, 6-dihydrouracil.
Par1b/MARK2 phosphorylates kinesin-like motor protein GAKIN/KIF13B to regulate axon formation.
Novel repressor of the human FMR1 gene - identification of p56 human (GCC)(n)-binding protein as a Krüppel-like transcription factor ZF5.
In vivo homodimerisation of HTLV-1 Gag and MA gives clues to the retroviral capsid and TM envelope protein arrangement.
Acr3p is a plasma membrane antiporter that catalyzes As(III)/H(+) and Sb(III)/H(+) exchange in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Direct binding of retromer to human papillomavirus type 16 minor capsid protein L2 mediates endosome exit during viral infection.
The ER UDPase ENTPD5 promotes protein N-glycosylation, the Warburg effect, and proliferation in the PTEN pathway.
JACKDAW controls epidermal patterning in the Arabidopsis root meristem through a non-cell-autonomous mechanism.
Structural basis of dimerization, coactivator recognition and MODY3 mutations in HNF-1alpha.
Nuclear protein NP60 regulates p38 MAPK activity.
Identification of the mitochondrial ATP-Mg/Pi transporter. Bacterial expression, reconstitution, functional characterization, and tissue distribution.
LARGE2 facilitates the maturation of alpha-dystroglycan more effectively than LARGE.
SAMHD1-dependent retroviral control and escape in mice.
The pyruvate, orthophosphate dikinase regulatory proteins of Arabidopsis possess a novel, unprecedented Ser/Thr protein kinase primary structure.
Molecular cloning of MINK, a novel member of mammalian GCK family kinases, which is up-regulated during postnatal mouse cerebral development.
Structural basis of hematopoietic prostaglandin D synthase activity elucidated by site-directed mutagenesis.
Molecular characterization of hiwi, a human member of the piwi gene family whose overexpression is correlated to seminomas.
ULK1.ATG13.FIP200 complex mediates mTOR signaling and is essential for autophagy.
The RAD51 family member, RAD51L3, is a DNA-stimulated ATPase that forms a complex with XRCC2.
Synaptopodin-deficient mice lack a spine apparatus and show deficits in synaptic plasticity.
O-fucosylation of muscle agrin determines its ability to cluster acetylcholine receptors.
Self-catalyzed cleavage of the yeast nucleoporin Nup145p precursor.
Reduced sodium current in GABAergic interneurons in a mouse model of severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy.
The adaptor protein Tks5/Fish is required for podosome formation and function, and for the protease-driven invasion of cancer cells.
Arabidopsis NAD-malic enzyme functions as a homodimer and heterodimer and has a major impact on nocturnal metabolism.
CTLA-4 is a second receptor for the B cell activation antigen B7.
Molecular interaction between fukutin and POMGnT1 in the glycosylation pathway of alpha-dystroglycan.
Structure of C8alpha-MACPF reveals mechanism of membrane attack in complement immune defense.
Functional interaction of monoubiquitinated FANCD2 and BRCA2/FANCD1 in chromatin.
Direct inhibition of the longevity-promoting factor SKN-1 by insulin-like signaling in C. elegans.
PRKX, a phylogenetically and functionally distinct cAMP-dependent protein kinase, activates renal epithelial cell migration and morphogenesis.
Phosphorylation on Thr-106 and NO-modification of glyoxalase I suppress the TNF-induced transcriptional activity of NF-kappaB.
Centriole distal appendages promote membrane docking, leading to cilia initiation.
Identification of four GyrA residues involved in the DNA breakage-reunion reaction of DNA gyrase.
Interactions of nuclear receptor coactivator/corepressor proteins with the aryl hydrocarbon receptor complex.
FBXL5 interacts with p150Glued and regulates its ubiquitination.
Bacterial uracil modulates Drosophila DUOX-dependent gut immunity via Hedgehog-induced signaling endosomes.
Only snake curaremimetic toxins with a fifth disulfide bond have high affinity for the neuronal alpha7 nicotinic receptor.
Human leukocyte-derived arginine aminopeptidase. The third member of the oxytocinase subfamily of aminopeptidases.
Distinct mechanisms of regulation by Ca2+/calmodulin of type 1 and 8 adenylyl cyclases support their different physiological roles.
Crystal structure of a homolog of mammalian serine racemase from Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Kif14 mutation causes severe brain malformation and hypomyelination.
Self-glucosylation of glycogenin, the initiator of glycogen biosynthesis, involves an inter-subunit reaction.
MG53 regulates membrane budding and exocytosis in muscle cells.
Sox17 modulates Wnt3A/beta-catenin-mediated transcriptional activation of the Lef-1 promoter.
Substrate specificity of naphthalene dioxygenase: effect of specific amino acids at the active site of the enzyme.
Novel role of cold/menthol-sensitive transient receptor potential melastatine family member 8 (TRPM8) in the activation of store-operated channels in LNCaP human prostate cancer epithelial cells.
A recombinant diheme SoxAX cytochrome - implications for the relationship between EPR signals and modified heme-ligands.
Connection of the mitochondrial outer and inner membranes by Fzo1 is critical for organellar fusion.
STAT2 deficiency and susceptibility to viral illness in humans.
Type B histone acetyltransferase Hat1p participates in telomeric silencing.
Lysine methylation of the NF-κB subunit RelA by SETD6 couples activity of the histone methyltransferase GLP at chromatin to tonic repression of NF-κB signaling.
Nucleoporin Nup98 associates with Trx/MLL and NSL histone-modifying complexes and regulates Hox gene expression.
Establishment of POP-1 asymmetry in early C. elegans embryos.
Interactions between the S-domain receptor kinases and AtPUB-ARM E3 ubiquitin ligases suggest a conserved signaling pathway in Arabidopsis.
Three-amino acid extension loop homeodomain proteins Meis2 and TGIF differentially regulate transcription.
The second activating glucokinase mutation (A456V): implications for glucose homeostasis and diabetes therapy.
A human nuclear protein with sequence homology to a family of early S phase proteins is required for entry into S phase and for cell division.
p53RFP, a p53-inducible RING-finger protein, regulates the stability of p21WAF1.
Cloning of BRAK, a novel divergent CXC chemokine preferentially expressed in normal versus malignant cells.
A conserved family of nuclear phosphoproteins localized to sites of polymerase II transcription.
Drosophila FACT contributes to Hox gene expression through physical and functional interactions with GAGA factor.
A mouse serine/threonine kinase homologous to C. elegans UNC51 functions in parallel fiber formation of cerebellar granule neurons.
Involvement of BNIP1 in apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum membrane fusion.
Recognition of the mRNA AU-rich element by the zinc finger domain of TIS11d.
Abscisic acid inhibits type 2C protein phosphatases via the PYR/PYL family of START proteins.
Regulators of PP2C phosphatase activity function as abscisic acid sensors.
Identification and characterization of two neuromedin U receptors differentially expressed in peripheral tissues and the central nervous system.
Nodal is a novel TGF-beta-like gene expressed in the mouse node during gastrulation.
The SENSITIVE TO FREEZING2 gene, required for freezing tolerance in Arabidopsis thaliana, encodes a beta-glucosidase.
Characterization of type 12 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, an isoform of type 3 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase responsible for estradiol formation in women.
Cloning of the human cDNA which can complement the defect of the yeast mannosyltransferase I-deficient mutant alg 1.
Induction of the Candida albicans filamentous growth program by relief of transcriptional repression: a genome-wide analysis.
Purification and characterization of short-chain, medium-chain, and long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenases from rat liver mitochondria. Isolation of the holo- and apoenzymes and conversion of the apoenzyme to the holoenzyme.
SPPL2a and SPPL2b promote intramembrane proteolysis of TNFalpha in activated dendritic cells to trigger IL-12 production.
The pathobiology of myelin mutants reveal novel biological functions of the MBP and PLP genes.
HLA-F and MHC-I open conformers cooperate in a MHC-I antigen cross-presentation pathway.
A gamma-secretase-like intramembrane cleavage of TNFalpha by the GxGD aspartyl protease SPPL2b.
Discs Lost, a novel multi-PDZ domain protein, establishes and maintains epithelial polarity.
The small GTPase Rab13 regulates assembly of functional tight junctions in epithelial cells.
Null mutation of AtCUL1 causes arrest in early embryogenesis in Arabidopsis.
Tumorigenicity of human breast cancer is associated with loss of the Ca2+-activated chloride channel CLCA2.
The serum-inducible protein kinase Snk is a G1 phase polo-like kinase that is inhibited by the calcium- and integrin-binding protein CIB.
The NADPH oxidase Nox3 constitutively produces superoxide in a p22phox-dependent manner: its regulation by oxidase organizers and activators.
NVL2 is a nucleolar AAA-ATPase that interacts with ribosomal protein L5 through its nucleolar localization sequence.
Control of cell number by Drosophila FOXO: downstream and feedback regulation of the insulin receptor pathway.
Identification of a novel basic helix-loop-helix-PAS factor, NXF, reveals a Sim2 competitive, positive regulatory role in dendritic-cytoskeleton modulator drebrin gene expression.
Translation and replication of hepatitis C virus genomic RNA depends on ancient cellular proteins that control mRNA fates.
gC1q-R/p32, a C1q-binding protein, is a receptor for the InlB invasion protein of Listeria monocytogenes.
Evidence of novel neuronal functions of dysbindin, a susceptibility gene for schizophrenia.
Cloning and expression of a novel human glutaredoxin (Grx2) with mitochondrial and nuclear isoforms.
Altered serotonin and dopamine metabolism in the CNS of serotonin 5-HT(1A) or 5-HT(1B) receptor knockout mice.
Characterization of the atypical MAPK ERK4 and its activation of the MAPK-activated protein kinase MK5.
Structure of herpes simplex virus glycoprotein D bound to the human receptor nectin-1.
The cochaperone shutdown defines a group of biogenesis factors essential for all piRNA populations in Drosophila.
Virus entry. Lassa virus entry requires a trigger-induced receptor switch.
Tyrosine phosphorylation-independent nuclear translocation of a dictyostelium STAT in response to DIF signaling.
A tethering mechanism for length control in a processive carbohydrate polymerization.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-5 binds to Axin and regulates the canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Identification of a vesicular glutamate transporter that defines a glutamatergic phenotype in neurons.
Nectin-3, a new member of immunoglobulin-like cell adhesion molecules that shows homophilic and heterophilic cell-cell adhesion activities.
Melanoma chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan regulates matrix metalloproteinase-dependent human melanoma invasion into type I collagen.
Regulation of the Kv2.1 potassium channel by MinK and MiRP1.
Crystal structure of human spliceosomal U1 snRNP at 5.5 A resolution.
Molecular analysis of receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase mu-mediated cell adhesion.
B56-containing PP2A dephosphorylate ERK and their activity is controlled by the early gene IEX-1 and ERK.
Tcl1 enhances Akt kinase activity and mediates its nuclear translocation.
An alternatively spliced variant of CXCR3 mediates the inhibition of endothelial cell growth induced by IP-10, Mig, and I-TAC, and acts as functional receptor for platelet factor 4.
Caspase-10 is an initiator caspase in death receptor signaling.
Salicylic acid induction-deficient mutants of Arabidopsis express PR-2 and PR-5 and accumulate high levels of camalexin after pathogen inoculation.
Ezh2 requires PHF1 to efficiently catalyze H3 lysine 27 trimethylation in vivo.
Identification of human fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase domain-containing protein 1 (FAHD1) as a novel mitochondrial acylpyruvase.
ADAM30 Downregulates APP-Linked Defects Through Cathepsin D Activation in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cyclin A is required at two points in the human cell cycle.
LC3C, bound selectively by a noncanonical LIR motif in NDP52, is required for antibacterial autophagy.
Human mitochondrial thioredoxin. Involvement in mitochondrial membrane potential and cell death.
Coordinate regulation of downstream genes by extradenticle and the homeotic selector proteins.
RAP80, a novel nuclear protein that interacts with the retinoid-related testis-associated receptor.
Kirrel3 is required for the coalescence of vomeronasal sensory neuron axons into glomeruli and for male-male aggression.
A P2X purinoceptor expressed by a subset of sensory neurons.
The SMC5/6 complex maintains telomere length in ALT cancer cells through SUMOylation of telomere-binding proteins.
Mtgr1 is a transcriptional corepressor that is required for maintenance of the secretory cell lineage in the small intestine.
Isolation and characterization of the Drosophila retinal degeneration B (rdgB) gene.
Breast cancer metastasis suppressor 1 (BRMS1) forms complexes with retinoblastoma-binding protein 1 (RBP1) and the mSin3 histone deacetylase complex and represses transcription.
Chondroitin proteoglycans are involved in cell division of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Substrate selectivity of the melibiose permease (MelY) from Enterobacter cloacae.
NCLX is an essential component of mitochondrial Na+/Ca2+ exchange.
Structure of human ST8SiaIII sialyltransferase provides insight into cell-surface polysialylation.
Nup2p, a yeast nucleoporin, functions in bidirectional transport of importin alpha.
mRNA helicase activity of the ribosome.
Characterization of dFMR1, a Drosophila melanogaster homolog of the fragile X mental retardation protein.
A novel two-component hybrid molecule regulates vascular morphogenesis of the Arabidopsis root.
Serotype-specific entry of dengue virus into liver cells: identification of the 37-kilodalton/67-kilodalton high-affinity laminin receptor as a dengue virus serotype 1 receptor.
Abraxas and RAP80 form a BRCA1 protein complex required for the DNA damage response.
Alternative splicing determines the function of CYP4F3 by switching substrate specificity.
Tat1, a novel sulfate transporter specifically expressed in human male germ cells and potentially linked to rhogtpase signaling.
Multimerization and H3K9me3 binding are required for CDYL1b heterochromatin association.
MRG1 binds to the LIM domain of Lhx2 and may function as a coactivator to stimulate glycoprotein hormone alpha-subunit gene expression.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae DNA damage checkpoint is required for efficient repair of double strand breaks by non-homologous end joining.
Gapex-5, a Rab31 guanine nucleotide exchange factor that regulates Glut4 trafficking in adipocytes.
Structural and expression analyses of normal and mutant mRNA encoding glycine decarboxylase: three-base deletion in mRNA causes nonketotic hyperglycinemia.
Human RERE is localized to nuclear promyelocytic leukemia oncogenic domains and enhances apoptosis.
Shank3 mutant mice display autistic-like behaviours and striatal dysfunction.
Vaccine activation of the nutrient sensor GCN2 in dendritic cells enhances antigen presentation.
Inhibition of cell migration by Abl family tyrosine kinases through uncoupling of Crk-CAS complexes.
AIM-1: a mammalian midbody-associated protein required for cytokinesis.
PRRT2 deficiency induces paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia by regulating synaptic transmission in cerebellum.
Autosomal-Recessive Mutations in SLC34A1 Encoding Sodium-Phosphate Cotransporter 2A Cause Idiopathic Infantile Hypercalcemia.
Alternative mRNA splicing of SAP30L regulates its transcriptional repression activity.
A role for N-glycanase in the cytosolic turnover of glycoproteins.
Specific alterations of U1-C protein or U1 small nuclear RNA can eliminate the requirement of Prp28p, an essential DEAD box splicing factor.
amos, a proneural gene for Drosophila olfactory sense organs that is regulated by lozenge.
Neurotensin receptor-1 inducible palmitoylation is required for efficient receptor-mediated mitogenic-signaling within structured membrane microdomains.
LOX Mutations Predispose to Thoracic Aortic Aneurysms and Dissections.
Discovery of a proteinaceous cellular receptor for a norovirus.
Mutations in genes encoding ribonuclease H2 subunits cause Aicardi-Goutières syndrome and mimic congenital viral brain infection.
A protein interaction surface in nonribosomal peptide synthesis mapped by combinatorial mutagenesis and selection.
Fringe is a glycosyltransferase that modifies Notch.
C-mannosylation and O-fucosylation of the thrombospondin type 1 module.
Cloning of a human gene involved in cytochrome oxidase assembly by functional complementation of an oxa1- mutation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
PAT1, a microtubule-interacting protein, recognizes the basolateral sorting signal of amyloid precursor protein.
A novel missense mutation in human TTF-2 (FKHL15) gene associated with congenital hypothyroidism but not athyreosis.
CDC2 phosphorylation of the fission yeast dis1 ensures accurate chromosome segregation.
Human Spt6 stimulates transcription elongation by RNA polymerase II in vitro.
TTP specifically regulates the internalization of the transferrin receptor.
Laforin, defective in the progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Lafora type, is a dual-specificity phosphatase associated with polyribosomes.
Alpha-catenin is a molecular switch that binds E-cadherin-beta-catenin and regulates actin-filament assembly.
Regulation and destabilization of HIF-1alpha by ARD1-mediated acetylation.
Histidine-rich glycoprotein inhibits the antiangiogenic effect of thrombospondin-1.
The splicing factor-associated protein, p32, regulates RNA splicing by inhibiting ASF/SF2 RNA binding and phosphorylation.
Protocadherin LKC, a new candidate for a tumor suppressor of colon and liver cancers, its association with contact inhibition of cell proliferation.
Suz12 is essential for mouse development and for EZH2 histone methyltransferase activity.
Physical exercise-induced hypoglycemia caused by failed silencing of monocarboxylate transporter 1 in pancreatic beta cells.
The ortholog of human ataxin-2 is essential for early embryonic patterning in C. elegans.
The glucosyltransferase Xiantuan of the endoplasmic reticulum specifically affects E-Cadherin expression and is required for gastrulation movements in Drosophila.
A role for caleosin in degradation of oil-body storage lipid during seed germination.
Functional and in silico assessment of MAX variants of unknown significance.
Purification and properties of poliovirus RNA polymerase expressed in Escherichia coli.
The tumorigenic diversity of the three PLAG family members is associated with different DNA binding capacities.
A human Cds1-related kinase that functions downstream of ATM protein in the cellular response to DNA damage.
Human aspartic protease memapsin 2 cleaves the beta-secretase site of beta-amyloid precursor protein.
Characterization of a calmodulin-regulated Ca2+-dependent-protein-kinase-related protein kinase, AtCRK1, from Arabidopsis.
GRIM-19, a death-regulatory gene product, suppresses Stat3 activity via functional interaction.
The beta2-adrenergic receptor/betaarrestin complex recruits the clathrin adaptor AP-2 during endocytosis.
A novel splicing regulator shares a nuclear import pathway with SR proteins.
The path from nucleolar 90S to cytoplasmic 40S pre-ribosomes.
Hepatocellular carcinoma-associated gene 2 interacts with MAD2L2.
Rab GTPases regulating phagosome maturation are differentially recruited to mycobacterial phagosomes.
Identification of multiple Caenorhabditis elegans caspases and their potential roles in proteolytic cascades.
Characterization of the mutation responsible for aspartylglucosaminuria in three Finnish patients. Amino acid substitution Cys163----Ser abolishes the activity of lysosomal glycosylasparaginase and its conversion into subunits.
Cullin-3 targets cyclin E for ubiquitination and controls S phase in mammalian cells.
Human keratinocytes produce the complement inhibitor factor I: Synthesis is regulated by interferon-gamma.
Neonatal severe hyperparathyroidism associated with a novel de novo heterozygous R551K inactivating mutation and a heterozygous A986S polymorphism of the calcium-sensing receptor gene.
Structure and activity of ClpB from Escherichia coli. Role of the amino-and -carboxyl-terminal domains.
The RING finger protein RNF4, a co-regulator of transcription, interacts with the TRPS1 transcription factor.
Rubella virus nonstructural protein protease domains involved in trans- and cis-cleavage activities.
Heme-regulated eIF2alpha kinase (HRI) is required for translational regulation and survival of erythroid precursors in iron deficiency.
Endonuclease VIII-like 3 (Neil3) DNA glycosylase promotes neurogenesis induced by hypoxia-ischemia.
Regulation of homologous recombination: Chi inactivates RecBCD enzyme by disassembly of the three subunits.
Mammalian class E vps proteins recognize ubiquitin and act in the removal of endosomal protein-ubiquitin conjugates.
Binding of Dr adhesins of Escherichia coli to carcinoembryonic antigen triggers receptor dissociation.
Key role of Ser562/661 in Snf1-dependent regulation of Cat8p in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Kluyveromyces lactis.
Human step II splicing factor hSlu7 functions in restructuring the spliceosome between the catalytic steps of splicing.
Constitutive tyrosine phosphorylation of the inhibitory paired Ig-like receptor PIR-B.
DNA damage-inducible gene p33ING2 negatively regulates cell proliferation through acetylation of p53.
Centriolar association of ALMS1 and likely centrosomal functions of the ALMS motif-containing proteins C10orf90 and KIAA1731.
Functional crosstalk and heteromerization of serotonin 5-HT2A and dopamine D2 receptors.
Characterization of RyDEN (C19orf66) as an Interferon-Stimulated Cellular Inhibitor against Dengue Virus Replication.
Characterization of c-Ki-ras oncogene alleles by direct sequencing of enzymatically amplified DNA from carcinogen-induced tumors.
Paralemmin-1, a modulator of filopodia induction is required for spine maturation.
Cloning and expression of a new member of the L-2-amino-4-phosphonobutyric acid-sensitive class of metabotropic glutamate receptors.
C-type lectins DC-SIGN and L-SIGN mediate cellular entry by Ebola virus in cis and in trans.
ERRbeta: a potent inhibitor of Nrf2 transcriptional activity.
RASSF2 is a novel K-Ras-specific effector and potential tumor suppressor.
Biochemical characterization of a recombinant SARS coronavirus nsp12 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase capable of copying viral RNA templates.
The serine protease HtrA1 specifically interacts and degrades the tuberous sclerosis complex 2 protein.
ISG56 is a negative-feedback regulator of virus-triggered signaling and cellular antiviral response.
DeltaBAFF, an alternate splice isoform that regulates receptor binding and biopresentation of the B cell survival cytokine, BAFF.
The RNA helicases p68/p72 and the noncoding RNA SRA are coregulators of MyoD and skeletal muscle differentiation.
GPR30 contributes to estrogen-induced thymic atrophy.
Biochemical analyses of the Wrch atypical Rho family GTPases.
The antimicrobial protein REG3A regulates keratinocyte proliferation and differentiation after skin injury.
Role of the CDC25 homology domain of phospholipase Cepsilon in amplification of Rap1-dependent signaling.
The SNF2-family member Fun30 promotes gene silencing in heterochromatic loci.
Nectin: an adhesion molecule involved in formation of synapses.
Direct binding of the beta1 adrenergic receptor to the cyclic AMP-dependent guanine nucleotide exchange factor CNrasGEF leads to Ras activation.
Nuclear DEAF-1-related (NUDR) protein contains a novel DNA binding domain and represses transcription of the heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A2/B1 promoter.
Tor proteins and protein phosphatase 2A reciprocally regulate Tap42 in controlling cell growth in yeast.
AtMRP1 gene of Arabidopsis encodes a glutathione S-conjugate pump: isolation and functional definition of a plant ATP-binding cassette transporter gene.
Dimeric arrangement of the parathyroid hormone receptor and a structural mechanism for ligand-induced dissociation.
The proteolytic activity of the paracaspase MALT1 is key in T cell activation.
Cardiac malformations, adrenal agenesis, neural crest defects and exencephaly in mice lacking Cited2, a new Tfap2 co-activator.
Abnormal gastrointestinal development in PDGF-A and PDGFR-(alpha) deficient mice implicates a novel mesenchymal structure with putative instructive properties in villus morphogenesis.
Phospholipase D activity is essential for actin localization and actin-based motility in Dictyostelium.
Control of MyoD function during initiation of muscle differentiation by an autocrine signaling pathway activated by insulin-like growth factor-II.
MKK7 is an essential component of the JNK signal transduction pathway activated by proinflammatory cytokines.
PKC eta regulates occludin phosphorylation and epithelial tight junction integrity.
Biochemical and structural characterization of mouse mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase, a newly identified kynurenine aminotransferase-IV.
Thyroid receptor ligands. 1. Agonist ligands selective for the thyroid receptor beta1.
Targeting of RCC1 to chromosomes is required for proper mitotic spindle assembly in human cells.
Aurora B regulates MCAK at the mitotic centromere.
A SNARE involved in protein transport through the Golgi apparatus.
Alternative splicing gives rise to a nuclear protein tyrosine phosphatase in Drosophila.
Aminopeptidase P3, a new member of the TNF-TNFR2 signaling complex, induces phosphorylation of JNK1 and JNK2.
RNA-binding motif protein 15 binds to the RNA transport element RTE and provides a direct link to the NXF1 export pathway.
From flies' eyes to our ears: mutations in a human class III myosin cause progressive nonsyndromic hearing loss DFNB30.
Tea4p links microtubule plus ends with the formin for3p in the establishment of cell polarity.
GM1 gangliosidosis and Morquio B disease: expression analysis of missense mutations affecting the catalytic site of acid beta-galactosidase.
SLO-1 potassium channels control quantal content of neurotransmitter release at the C. elegans neuromuscular junction.
Paxillin is required for cell-substrate adhesion, cell sorting and slug migration during Dictyostelium development.
4'-phosphopantetheine and coenzyme A biosynthesis in plants.
A novel iron uptake mechanism mediated by GPI-anchored human p97.
Requirement for the Drosophila COE transcription factor Collier in formation of an embryonic muscle: transcriptional response to notch signalling.
Genetic evidence for a noncanonical function of seryl-tRNA synthetase in vascular development.
Noncanonical activity of seryl-tRNA synthetase is involved in vascular development.
Histone binding protein RbAp48 interacts with a complex of CREB binding protein and phosphorylated CREB.
Disruption of IFT complex A causes cystic kidneys without mitotic spindle misorientation.
Fibroblast growth factor homologous factor 2B: association with Nav1.6 and selective colocalization at nodes of Ranvier of dorsal root axons.
Apg7p/Cvt2p: A novel protein-activating enzyme essential for autophagy.
The human FA2H gene encodes a fatty acid 2-hydroxylase.
Requirement of dimerization for RNA editing activity of adenosine deaminases acting on RNA.
Structural and functional study of D-glucuronyl C5-epimerase.
The dynamin-like GTPase DLP1 is essential for peroxisome division and is recruited to peroxisomes in part by PEX11.
Vitamin B6 biosynthesis in higher plants.
Neurexins induce differentiation of GABA and glutamate postsynaptic specializations via neuroligins.
DNA tumor virus oncogenes antagonize the cGAS-STING DNA-sensing pathway.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae leukotriene A4 hydrolase: formation of leukotriene B4 and identification of catalytic residues.
Histone demethylation mediated by the nuclear amine oxidase homolog LSD1.
Foamy virus envelope protein is a substrate for signal peptide peptidase-like 3 (SPPL3).
Fak56 functions downstream of integrin alphaPS3betanu and suppresses MAPK activation in neuromuscular junction growth.
Lysine glutarylation is a protein posttranslational modification regulated by SIRT5.
The CRISPR-associated DNA-cleaving enzyme Cpf1 also processes precursor CRISPR RNA.
Choline transporter-like protein 4 (CTL4) links to non-neuronal acetylcholine synthesis.
Comparative mechanistic and substrate specificity study of inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase Schizosaccharomyces pombe Synaptojanin and SHIP2.
A direct role for dual oxidase in Drosophila gut immunity.
Mammalian SAD kinases are required for neuronal polarization.
A Ca<sub>v</sub>3.2/Stac1 molecular complex controls T-type channel expression at the plasma membrane.
Transcriptional repression mediated by the human polycomb-group protein EED involves histone deacetylation.
CRK7 modifies the MAPK pathway and influences the response to endocrine therapy.
A new yeast poly(A) polymerase complex involved in RNA quality control.
Suppression of caspase-8- and -10-associated RING proteins results in sensitization to death ligands and inhibition of tumor cell growth.
Dual role of the Cdc7-regulatory protein Dbf4 during yeast meiosis.
Molecular and functional characterization of the stress-induced protein (SIP) gene and its two transcripts generated by alternative splicing. SIP induced by stress and promotes cell death.
The transport signal on Sec22 for packaging into COPII-coated vesicles is a conformational epitope.
Phosphoregulation of mixed-lineage kinase 1 activity by multiple phosphorylation in the activation loop.
Mammalian p50Cdc37 is a protein kinase-targeting subunit of Hsp90 that binds and stabilizes Cdk4.
Knockdown of SLBP results in nuclear retention of histone mRNA.
Non-canonical inflammasome activation targets caspase-11.
Identification and characterisation of a new human glucose-6-phosphatase isoform.
Locus-specific requirements for Spt5 in transcriptional activation and repression in Drosophila.
NRAGE, a novel MAGE protein, interacts with the p75 neurotrophin receptor and facilitates nerve growth factor-dependent apoptosis.
Ca(2+)/Calmodulin-dependent protein kinase cascade in Caenorhabditis elegans. Implication in transcriptional activation.
N-Terminally extended human ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes (E2s) mediate the ubiquitination of RING-finger proteins, ARA54 and RNF8.
Control of Drosophila wing and haltere development by the nuclear vestigial gene product.
Site-directed mutagenesis studies on the iron-binding domain and the determinant for the substrate oxygenation site of porcine leukocyte arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase.
VIP1, an Arabidopsis protein that interacts with Agrobacterium VirE2, is involved in VirE2 nuclear import and Agrobacterium infectivity.
A growth factor-dependent nuclear kinase phosphorylates p27(Kip1) and regulates cell cycle progression.
The role of the ankyrin-binding protein NrCAM in node of Ranvier formation.
OGFOD1, a novel modulator of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2alpha phosphorylation and the cellular response to stress.
Biallelic Mutations in FUT8 Cause a Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation with Defective Fucosylation.
Inhibition of interferon-stimulated JAK-STAT signaling by a tick-borne flavivirus and identification of NS5 as an interferon antagonist.
PEN-2 and APH-1 coordinately regulate proteolytic processing of presenilin 1.
Ionizing radiation triggers chromatin-bound kin17 complex formation in human cells.
BRCA1 : BARD1 induces the formation of conjugated ubiquitin structures, dependent on K6 of ubiquitin, in cells during DNA replication and repair.
A mouse genetic model for familial cholestasis caused by ATP8B1 mutations reveals perturbed bile salt homeostasis but no impairment in bile secretion.
Glutathione traps formaldehyde by formation of a bicyclo[4.4.1]undecane adduct.
Histamine action on vertebrate GABAA receptors: direct channel gating and potentiation of GABA responses.
GENE SILENCING. Epigenetic silencing by the HUSH complex mediates position-effect variegation in human cells.
The collagen receptor DDR2 regulates proliferation and its elimination leads to dwarfism.
The active site of the molybdenum cofactor biosynthetic protein domain Cnx1G.
Chk2 is a tumor suppressor that regulates apoptosis in both an ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM)-dependent and an ATM-independent manner.
Coronavirus nonstructural protein 16 is a cap-0 binding enzyme possessing (nucleoside-2'O)-methyltransferase activity.
ErbB receptor-induced activation of stat transcription factors is mediated by Src tyrosine kinases.
Expression, purification, and characterization of CTP:glycerol-3-phosphate cytidylyltransferase from Bacillus subtilis.
MCD encodes peroxisomal and cytoplasmic forms of malonyl-CoA decarboxylase and is mutated in malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency.
Human Pol ζ purified with accessory subunits is active in translesion DNA synthesis and complements Pol η in cisplatin bypass.
COPI vesicle transport is a common requirement for tube expansion in Drosophila.
Regulation of TNF-induced oxygen radical production in human neutrophils: role of delta-PKC.
Identification of tyrosine residues in constitutively activated fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 involved in mitogenesis, Stat activation, and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase activation.
TP53INP1 is a novel p73 target gene that induces cell cycle arrest and cell death by modulating p73 transcriptional activity.
Crystal structure of UDP-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-glutamate: meso-diaminopimelate ligase from Escherichia coli.
Genetic interactions of Hrd3p and Der3p/Hrd1p with Sec61p suggest a retro-translocation complex mediating protein transport for ER degradation.
Egr-1, a master switch coordinating upregulation of divergent gene families underlying ischemic stress.
Tsg101 and the vacuolar protein sorting pathway are essential for HIV-1 budding.
CED-12/ELMO, a novel member of the CrkII/Dock180/Rac pathway, is required for phagocytosis and cell migration.
Uptake of HIV-1 tat protein mediated by low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein disrupts the neuronal metabolic balance of the receptor ligands.
The Drosophila wing differentiation factor vestigial-scalloped is required for cell proliferation and cell survival at the dorso-ventral boundary of the wing imaginal disc.
Identification of a short (C15) chain Z-isoprenyl diphosphate synthase and a homologous long (C50) chain isoprenyl diphosphate synthase in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Overproduction of human Myt1 kinase induces a G2 cell cycle delay by interfering with the intracellular trafficking of Cdc2-cyclin B1 complexes.
Shared roles of yeast glycogen synthase kinase 3 family members in nitrogen-responsive phosphorylation of meiotic regulator Ume6p.
XE7: a novel splicing factor that interacts with ASF/SF2 and ZNF265.
The Caenorhabditis elegans autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease gene homologs lov-1 and pkd-2 act in the same pathway.
Human CLK2 links cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and telomere length regulation.
Characterization of insulin-responsive GLUT4 storage vesicles isolated from 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Importance of the MKK6/p38 pathway for interleukin-12-induced STAT4 serine phosphorylation and transcriptional activity.
Isolation of new polar granule components in Drosophila reveals P body and ER associated proteins.
Six2 is required for suppression of nephrogenesis and progenitor renewal in the developing kidney.
RhoBTB3: a Rho GTPase-family ATPase required for endosome to Golgi transport.
Molecular cloning and characterization of DdCAD-1, a Ca2+-dependent cell-cell adhesion molecule, in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Activation of latent myostatin by the BMP-1/tolloid family of metalloproteinases.
A Caenorhabditis elegans JNK signal transduction pathway regulates coordinated movement via type-D GABAergic motor neurons.
Role of cytochrome c and dATP/ATP hydrolysis in Apaf-1-mediated caspase-9 activation and apoptosis.
The Cbl protooncoprotein stimulates CSF-1 receptor multiubiquitination and endocytosis, and attenuates macrophage proliferation.
BIG1 is a binding partner of myosin IXb and regulates its Rho-GTPase activating protein activity.
Candidate tumour suppressor LUCA-15 can regulate multiple apoptotic pathways.
Autotaxin has lysophospholipase D activity leading to tumor cell growth and motility by lysophosphatidic acid production.
Neuroligin-3 is a neuronal adhesion protein at GABAergic and glutamatergic synapses.
SRBC/cavin-3 is a caveolin adapter protein that regulates caveolae function.
LAT is essential for Fc(epsilon)RI-mediated mast cell activation.
BCL11B participates in the activation of IL2 gene expression in CD4+ T lymphocytes.
Synaptotagmins I and II act as nerve cell receptors for botulinum neurotoxin G.
The role of UCP 1 in production of reactive oxygen species by mitochondria isolated from brown adipose tissue.
Junctional adhesion molecule-C is a soluble mediator of angiogenesis.
The intraflagellar transport protein IFT20 is associated with the Golgi complex and is required for cilia assembly.
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein C modulates translation of c-myc mRNA in a cell cycle phase-dependent manner.
Characterization of a ceramide kinase-like protein.
The membrane-bound transcription factor CREB3L1 is activated in response to virus infection to inhibit proliferation of virus-infected cells.
DC-SIGN as a receptor for phleboviruses.
Transcription factor IIS cooperates with the E3 ligase UBR5 to ubiquitinate the CDK9 subunit of the positive transcription elongation factor B.
Engineering and mechanistic studies of the Arabidopsis FAE1 beta-ketoacyl-CoA synthase, FAE1 KCS.
Red-cell glycophorin A-band 3 interactions associated with the movement of band 3 to the cell surface.
Genes involved in sister chromatid separation and segregation in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A SMAD ubiquitin ligase targets the BMP pathway and affects embryonic pattern formation.
PDGF (alpha)-receptor is unresponsive to PDGF-AA in aortic smooth muscle cells from the NG2 knockout mouse.
Autocatalytic activity and substrate specificity of the pestivirus N-terminal protease Npro.
Crosstalk between the EGFR and LIN-12/Notch pathways in C. elegans vulval development.
Alphacoronavirus transmissible gastroenteritis virus nsp1 protein suppresses protein translation in mammalian cells and in cell-free HeLa cell extracts but not in rabbit reticulocyte lysate.
Further characterization of aminopeptidase-N as a receptor for coronaviruses.
Purification and characterization of glpX-encoded fructose 1, 6-bisphosphatase, a new enzyme of the glycerol 3-phosphate regulon of Escherichia coli.
Viroporin Activity of the Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus Non-Structural 2B Protein.
The receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase, PTP-RO, is upregulated during megakaryocyte differentiation and Is associated with the c-Kit receptor.
The scavenger mRNA decapping enzyme DcpS is a member of the HIT family of pyrophosphatases.
Cloning, expression, characterization and crystallization of BRP39, a signalling glycoprotein expressed during mammary gland apoptosis.
IG20, in contrast to DENN-SV, (MADD splice variants) suppresses tumor cell survival, and enhances their susceptibility to apoptosis and cancer drugs.
Drosophila melanogaster troponin-T mutations engender three distinct syndromes of myofibrillar abnormalities.
Semaphorin 4D/plexin-B1 induces endothelial cell migration through the activation of PYK2, Src, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-Akt pathway.
A newly identified myomegalin isoform functions in Golgi microtubule organization and ER-Golgi transport.
Dominant-negative mutant of BIG2, an ARF-guanine nucleotide exchange factor, specifically affects membrane trafficking from the trans-Golgi network through inhibiting membrane association of AP-1 and GGA coat proteins.
Embryonic expression pattern of a family of Drosophila proteins that interact with a central nervous system regulatory element.
The nuclear function of angiogenin in endothelial cells is related to rRNA production.
A stomatin dimer modulates the activity of acid-sensing ion channels.
The checkpoint protein Chfr is a ligase that ubiquitinates Plk1 and inhibits Cdc2 at the G2 to M transition.
DDX1 is required for testicular tumorigenesis, partially through the transcriptional activation of 12p stem cell genes.
Ganglioside-induced differentiation associated protein 1 is a regulator of the mitochondrial network: new implications for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
The integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein ICAP-1 binds and regulates Rho family GTPases during cell spreading.
Deubiquitination step in the endocytic pathway of yeast plasma membrane proteins: crucial role of Doa4p ubiquitin isopeptidase.
Ankyrin-B targets beta2-spectrin to an intracellular compartment in neonatal cardiomyocytes.
PIR121 regulates pseudopod dynamics and SCAR activity in Dictyostelium.
Vacuolar invertase regulates elongation of Arabidopsis thaliana roots as revealed by QTL and mutant analysis.
LTRPC7 is a Mg.ATP-regulated divalent cation channel required for cell viability.
ADP-ribose gating of the calcium-permeable LTRPC2 channel revealed by Nudix motif homology.
Identification and functional and spectral characterization of a globin-coupled histidine kinase from Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5.
Cloning of a rat gene encoding the histo-blood group B enzyme: rats have more than one Abo gene.
Effects of CTGF/Hcs24, a product of a hypertrophic chondrocyte-specific gene, on the proliferation and differentiation of chondrocytes in culture.
Ubiquitin ligase activity of Cul3-KLHL7 protein is attenuated by autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa causative mutation.
Selenoprotein N is required for ryanodine receptor calcium release channel activity in human and zebrafish muscle.
Activation of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase pathway by a novel protein kinase related to human germinal center kinase.
Non-type I cystinuria caused by mutations in SLC7A9, encoding a subunit (bo,+AT) of rBAT.
Roles of Pr55(gag) and NCp7 in tRNA(3)(Lys) genomic placement and the initiation step of reverse transcription in human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
APE1- and APE2-dependent DNA breaks in immunoglobulin class switch recombination.
SMAD-mediated modulation of YY1 activity regulates the BMP response and cardiac-specific expression of a GATA4/5/6-dependent chick Nkx2.5 enhancer.
Homodimerization of Ror2 tyrosine kinase receptor induces 14-3-3(beta) phosphorylation and promotes osteoblast differentiation and bone formation.
Characterization of a dipeptide motif regulating IFN-gamma receptor 2 plasma membrane accumulation and IFN-gamma responsiveness.
YNK1, the yeast homolog of human metastasis suppressor NM23, is required for repair of UV radiation- and etoposide-induced DNA damage.
Twenty-two novel mutations in the lysosomal alpha-glucosidase gene (GAA) underscore the genotype-phenotype correlation in glycogen storage disease type II.
Regulation of the human ether-a-go-go-related gene (hERG) potassium channel by Nedd4 family interacting proteins (Ndfips).
An OBSL1-Cul7Fbxw8 ubiquitin ligase signaling mechanism regulates Golgi morphology and dendrite patterning.
The basic helix-loop-helix protein, sharp-1, represses transcription by a histone deacetylase-dependent and histone deacetylase-independent mechanism.
Expression and disruption of the Arabidopsis TOR (target of rapamycin) gene.
Characterization of the helicase activity and substrate specificity of Mycobacterium tuberculosis UvrD.
Functional expression of an Arabidopsis cDNA clone encoding a flavonol 3'-O-methyltransferase and characterization of the gene product.
Identification of c-Jun NH2-terminal protein kinase (JNK)-activating kinase 2 as an activator of JNK but not p38.
A role for histone H2B during repair of UV-induced DNA damage in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Primary structure of beta-galactoside alpha 2,6-sialyltransferase. Conversion of membrane-bound enzyme to soluble forms by cleavage of the NH2-terminal signal anchor.
The photorespiratory Arabidopsis shm1 mutant is deficient in SHM1.
Oleylethanolamide regulates feeding and body weight through activation of the nuclear receptor PPAR-alpha.
Nucleophosmin interacts with and inhibits the catalytic function of eukaryotic initiation factor 2 kinase PKR.
A TFTC/STAGA module mediates histone H2A and H2B deubiquitination, coactivates nuclear receptors, and counteracts heterochromatin silencing.
Specificity determinants of CYP1B1 estradiol hydroxylation.
VAC14 nucleates a protein complex essential for the acute interconversion of PI3P and PI(3,5)P(2) in yeast and mouse.
The structure of the death receptor 4-TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (DR4-TRAIL) complex.
PI3Kgamma modulates the cardiac response to chronic pressure overload by distinct kinase-dependent and -independent effects.
Epileptic encephalopathy de novo GABRB mutations impair γ-aminobutyric acid type A receptor function.
ZIP kinase identified as a novel myosin regulatory light chain kinase in HeLa cells.
Beta-arrestin1 mediates insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) and anti-apoptosis.
In vivo alteration of the keratin 17 gene in hair follicles by oligonucleotide-directed gene targeting.
Analysis of Arabidopsis glucose insensitive mutants, gin5 and gin6, reveals a central role of the plant hormone ABA in the regulation of plant vegetative development by sugar.
Fission yeast cyclin: subcellular localisation and cell cycle regulation.
Mutational analysis of a heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A2 response element for RNA trafficking.
Shortsighted acts in the decapentaplegic pathway in Drosophila eye development and has homology to a mouse TGF-beta-responsive gene.
Genetic characterization and expression in heterologous hosts of the 3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)propionate catabolic pathway of Escherichia coli K-12.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe pfh1+ encodes an essential 5' to 3' DNA helicase that is a member of the PIF1 subfamily of DNA helicases.
Monoallelic ABCC8 mutations are a common cause of diazoxide-unresponsive diffuse form of congenital hyperinsulinism.
Requirement of the histidine kinase domain for signal transduction by the ethylene receptor ETR1.
An SH3-SH2-SH3 protein is required for p21Ras1 activation and binds to sevenless and Sos proteins in vitro.
A Drosophila SH2-SH3 adaptor protein implicated in coupling the sevenless tyrosine kinase to an activator of Ras guanine nucleotide exchange, Sos.
Mutations in DONSON disrupt replication fork stability and cause microcephalic dwarfism.
A semi-dominant mutation in the ribosomal protein L10 gene suppresses the dwarf phenotype of the acl5 mutant in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cell cycle-dependent assembly of a Gin4-septin complex.
Activation of the pro-drug ethionamide is regulated in mycobacteria.
Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157:H7 produces Tir, which is translocated to the host cell membrane but is not tyrosine phosphorylated.
Homozygous P86S mutation of the human glucagon receptor is associated with hyperglucagonemia, alpha cell hyperplasia, and islet cell tumor.
Control of the DNA damage checkpoint by chk1 and rad53 protein kinases through distinct mechanisms.
Peripheral expression of Jak3 is required to maintain T lymphocyte function.
The gene controlling marijuana psychoactivity: molecular cloning and heterologous expression of Delta1-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid synthase from Cannabis sativa L.
Recurrent De Novo Dominant Mutations in SLC25A4 Cause Severe Early-Onset Mitochondrial Disease and Loss of Mitochondrial DNA Copy Number.
ZAPS is a potent stimulator of signaling mediated by the RNA helicase RIG-I during antiviral responses.
Regulation of the Met receptor-tyrosine kinase by the protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B and T-cell phosphatase.
ALG1-CDG: Clinical and Molecular Characterization of 39 Unreported Patients.
Ataxin-3 is a histone-binding protein with two independent transcriptional corepressor activities.
Functional interaction between p53 and the interferon-inducible nucleoprotein IFI 16.
The essential catalytic redox couple in arsenate reductase from Staphylococcus aureus.
Nuclear receptor response elements mediate induction of intestinal MDR1 by rifampin.
C-terminal elements control location, activation threshold, and p38 docking of ribosomal S6 kinase B (RSKB).
Initiation of RPS2-specified disease resistance in Arabidopsis is coupled to the AvrRpt2-directed elimination of RIN4.
Transcription elongation factors repress transcription initiation from cryptic sites.
Functions of sorting nexin 17 domains and recognition motif for P-selectin trafficking.
Activation of the Arabidopsis B class homeotic genes by APETALA1.
The brefeldin A-inhibited GDP/GTP exchange factor 2, a protein involved in vesicular trafficking, interacts with the beta subunits of the GABA receptors.
Uptake of glutamate into synaptic vesicles by an inorganic phosphate transporter.
Isolation and characterization of peptides which act on rat platelets, from a pheochromocytoma.
Specificity of the HP1 chromo domain for the methylated N-terminus of histone H3.
Structural basis and mechanism of autoregulation in 3-phosphoinositide-dependent Grp1 family Arf GTPase exchange factors.
Identification of the surfactant protein A receptor 210 as the unconventional myosin 18A.
Primary structure and functional expression of the human cardiac tetrodotoxin-insensitive voltage-dependent sodium channel.
Sequence analysis of LRPPRC and its SEC1 domain interaction partners suggests roles in cytoskeletal organization, vesicular trafficking, nucleocytosolic shuttling, and chromosome activity.
The murine nephrin gene is specifically expressed in kidney, brain and pancreas: inactivation of the gene leads to massive proteinuria and neonatal death.
Twinfilin 2 regulates actin filament lengths in cochlear stereocilia.
The hPLIC proteins may provide a link between the ubiquitination machinery and the proteasome.
Shigella effector IpaH9.8 binds to a splicing factor U2AF(35) to modulate host immune responses.
Stimulation of the type III olfactory adenylyl cyclase by calcium and calmodulin.
Quinohaemoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase apoenzyme from Pseudomonas testosteroni.
The Caenorhabditis elegans MAPK phosphatase VHP-1 mediates a novel JNK-like signaling pathway in stress response.
Molecular characterization and chromosomal localization of a third alpha-class hypoxia inducible factor subunit, HIF3alpha.
BRCA2 is ubiquitinated in vivo and interacts with USP11, a deubiquitinating enzyme that exhibits prosurvival function in the cellular response to DNA damage.
Engineering OsBAK1 gene as a molecular tool to improve rice architecture for high yield.
FEEL-1, a novel scavenger receptor with in vitro bacteria-binding and angiogenesis-modulating activities.
Tyrosine sulfation enhances but is not required for PSGL-1 rolling adhesion on P-selectin.
Sch9 is a major target of TORC1 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A behavioral switch: cGMP and PKC signaling in olfactory neurons reverses odor preference in C. elegans.
Crystal structure of mammalian acid sphingomyelinase.
Molecular characterization of plastidic phosphoserine aminotransferase in serine biosynthesis from Arabidopsis.
Mouse ornithine decarboxylase-like gene encodes an antizyme inhibitor devoid of ornithine and arginine decarboxylating activity.
Secreted M-ficolin anchors onto monocyte transmembrane G protein-coupled receptor 43 and cross talks with plasma C-reactive protein to mediate immune signaling and regulate host defense.
Vasopressin-inducible ubiquitin-specific protease 10 increases ENaC cell surface expression by deubiquitylating and stabilizing sorting nexin 3.
Cellular human CLE/C14orf166 protein interacts with influenza virus polymerase and is required for viral replication.
An RNA virus hijacks an incognito function of a DNA repair enzyme.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate is a missing cofactor for the E3 ubiquitin ligase TRAF2.
HipA-mediated antibiotic persistence via phosphorylation of the glutamyl-tRNA-synthetase.
Regulation of arrestin-3 phosphorylation by casein kinase II.
A human splicing factor, SKIP, associates with P-TEFb and enhances transcription elongation by HIV-1 Tat.
Molecular isolation and characterization of a soluble isoform of activated leukocyte cell adhesion molecule that modulates endothelial cell function.
bcl-w, a novel member of the bcl-2 family, promotes cell survival.
Gdf6 induces commitment of pluripotent mesenchymal C3H10T1/2 cells to the adipocyte lineage.
Characterization of alternative splicing products of bZIP transcription factors OsABI5.
Ablation of whirlin long isoform disrupts the USH2 protein complex and causes vision and hearing loss.
Selective blockade of microRNA processing by Lin28.
The FabR (YijC) transcription factor regulates unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis in Escherichia coli.
UNC-84 localizes to the nuclear envelope and is required for nuclear migration and anchoring during C. elegans development.
The translation initiation factor 3f (eIF3f) exhibits a deubiquitinase activity regulating Notch activation.
The Son of sevenless gene product: a putative activator of Ras.
MOSAIC FLORAL ORGANS1, an AGL6-like MADS box gene, regulates floral organ identity and meristem fate in rice.
A screen for genes required for meiosis and spore formation based on whole-genome expression.
The EntF and EntE adenylation domains of Escherichia coli enterobactin synthetase: sequestration and selectivity in acyl-AMP transfers to thiolation domain cosubstrates.
Double-stranded RNA-mediated silencing of genomic tandem repeats and transposable elements in the D. melanogaster germline.
Analysis of the mouse and human acyl-CoA thioesterase (ACOT) gene clusters shows that convergent, functional evolution results in a reduced number of human peroxisomal ACOTs.
A UV-B-specific signaling component orchestrates plant UV protection.
Myocardin is a critical serum response factor cofactor in the transcriptional program regulating smooth muscle cell differentiation.
HIV-1 Tat and host AFF4 recruit two transcription elongation factors into a bifunctional complex for coordinated activation of HIV-1 transcription.
hADA3 is required for p53 activity.
The C/EBP beta isoform 34-kDa LAP is responsible for NF-IL-6-mediated gene induction in activated macrophages, but is not essential for intracellular bacteria killing.
Phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate induces protein kinase ceta-specific proliferative response in astrocytic tumor cells.
Structural analysis of glycosaminoglycans in animals bearing mutations in sugarless, sulfateless, and tout-velu. Drosophila homologues of vertebrate genes encoding glycosaminoglycan biosynthetic enzymes.
RPS6KA2, a putative tumour suppressor gene at 6q27 in sporadic epithelial ovarian cancer.
Dorsal-B, a splice variant of the Drosophila factor Dorsal, is a novel Rel/NF-kappaB transcriptional activator.
Sertoli cell-initiated testicular innate immune response through toll-like receptor-3 activation is negatively regulated by Tyro3, Axl, and mer receptors.
WT1 interacts with the splicing protein RBM4 and regulates its ability to modulate alternative splicing in vivo.
Vinculin is a dually regulated actin filament barbed end-capping and side-binding protein.
Melatonin synthesis: 14-3-3-dependent activation and inhibition of arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferase mediated by phosphoserine-205.
The cellular RNA helicase DDX1 interacts with coronavirus nonstructural protein 14 and enhances viral replication.
Identification of Fer tyrosine kinase localized on microtubules as a platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 phosphorylating kinase in vascular endothelial cells.
Identification and characterization of the endocytic transmembrane glycoprotein Endo180 as a novel collagen receptor.
A lymphotoxin-beta-specific receptor.
Biochemical characterization of the Yersinia YopT protease: cleavage site and recognition elements in Rho GTPases.
BOD (Bcl-2-related ovarian death gene) is an ovarian BH3 domain-containing proapoptotic Bcl-2 protein capable of dimerization with diverse antiapoptotic Bcl-2 members.
Nitric oxide S-nitrosylates serine racemase, mediating feedback inhibition of D-serine formation.
Bcl-2 heterodimerizes in vivo with a conserved homolog, Bax, that accelerates programmed cell death.
53BP1, a mediator of the DNA damage checkpoint.
Crystal structure of cardiac-specific histone methyltransferase SmyD1 reveals unusual active site architecture.
Solubility-based genetic screen identifies RING finger protein 126 as an E3 ligase for activation-induced cytidine deaminase.
Multiple importins function as nuclear transport receptors for the Rev protein of human immunodeficiency virus type 1.
Role of the Sec14-like domain of Dbl family exchange factors in the regulation of Rho family GTPases in different subcellular sites.
Rubella virus capsid associates with host cell protein p32 and localizes to mitochondria.
Egg-laying defective mutants of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
The epidermal growth factor-like domains of the human EMR2 receptor mediate cell attachment through chondroitin sulfate glycosaminoglycans.
Loss of carbonic anhydrase XII function in individuals with elevated sweat chloride concentration and pulmonary airway disease.
Second positive phototropism results from coordinated co-action of the phototropins and cryptochromes.
Cloning of the mouse hepatitis virus (MHV) receptor: expression in human and hamster cell lines confers susceptibility to MHV.
Polyprenyl phosphate biosynthesis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Lethal paralysis of Caenorhabditis elegans by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Characterization of OSR1, a member of the mammalian Ste20p/germinal center kinase subfamily.
Characterization of superoxide production from aldehyde oxidase: an important source of oxidants in biological tissues.
Evolutionary Gain of Alanine Mischarging to Noncognate tRNAs with a G4:U69 Base Pair.
Repression of promoter activity by CNOT2, a subunit of the transcription regulatory Ccr4-not complex.
MyD88-5 links mitochondria, microtubules, and JNK3 in neurons and regulates neuronal survival.
Nucleolar protein Spindlin1 recognizes H3K4 methylation and stimulates the expression of rRNA genes.
Covalent trapping of human DNA polymerase beta by the oxidative DNA lesion 2-deoxyribonolactone.
Recruitment of VPS33A to HOPS by VPS16 Is Required for Lysosome Fusion with Endosomes and Autophagosomes.
Molecular cloning of Drosophila HCF reveals proteolytic processing and self-association of the encoded protein.
Dissecting the role of critical residues and substrate preference of a Fatty Acyl-CoA Synthetase (FadD13) of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Sequence of the twist gene and nuclear localization of its protein in endomesodermal cells of early Drosophila embryos.
Oxidation of 1,8-cineole, the monoterpene cyclic ether originated from eucalyptus polybractea, by cytochrome P450 3A enzymes in rat and human liver microsomes.
Isolation of a novel histone deacetylase reveals that class I and class II deacetylases promote SMRT-mediated repression.
C. elegans LIN-18 is a Ryk ortholog and functions in parallel to LIN-17/Frizzled in Wnt signaling.
The yeast Sgs1p helicase acts upstream of Rad53p in the DNA replication checkpoint and colocalizes with Rad53p in S-phase-specific foci.
Arabidopsis thaliana EDS4 contributes to salicylic acid (SA)-dependent expression of defense responses: evidence for inhibition of jasmonic acid signaling by SA.
Fyn/Yes and non-canonical Wnt signalling converge on RhoA in vertebrate gastrulation cell movements.
Protein kinase SGK mediates survival signals by phosphorylating the forkhead transcription factor FKHRL1 (FOXO3a).
Control of beta-catenin phosphorylation/degradation by a dual-kinase mechanism.
Muc4/sialomucin complex, the intramembrane ErbB2 ligand, in cancer and epithelia: to protect and to survive.
Human Kruppel-related 3 (HKR3) is a novel transcription activator of alternate reading frame (ARF) gene.
Hairpin opening and overhang processing by an Artemis/DNA-dependent protein kinase complex in nonhomologous end joining and V(D)J recombination.
Plant tRNA ligases are multifunctional enzymes that have diverged in sequence and substrate specificity from RNA ligases of other phylogenetic origins.
Role of histone H2A ubiquitination in Polycomb silencing.
Identification of a Drosophila G protein alpha subunit (dGq alpha-3) expressed in chemosensory cells and central neurons.
Cell division events are essential for embryo patterning and morphogenesis: studies on dominant-negative cdc2aAt mutants of arabidopsis.
Characterization of the isoforms of MOVO zinc finger protein, a mouse homologue of Drosophila Ovo, as transcription factors.
Histone acetyltransferase-dependent chromatin remodeling and the vascular clock.
The p110beta isoform of phosphoinositide 3-kinase signals downstream of G protein-coupled receptors and is functionally redundant with p110gamma.
Cytochrome c551 from Starkeya novella: characterization, spectroscopic properties, and phylogeny of a diheme protein of the SoxAX family.
Ataxin-1 and Brother of ataxin-1 are components of the Notch signalling pathway.
The phosphorylation site located in the A region of retinoic X receptor alpha is required for the antiproliferative effect of retinoic acid (RA) and the activation of RA target genes in F9 cells.
A new human dyskerin isoform with cytoplasmic localization.
Anti-inflammatory effect of IL-10 mediated by metabolic reprogramming of macrophages.
Hijacking components of the cellular secretory pathway for replication of poliovirus RNA.
The Receptor-Like Cytoplasmic Kinase STRK1 Phosphorylates and Activates CatC, Thereby Regulating H<sub>2</sub>O<sub>2</sub> Homeostasis and Improving Salt Tolerance in Rice.
The hyperpolarization-activated cyclic nucleotide-gated HCN2 channel transports ammonium in the distal nephron.
Chd1 chromodomain links histone H3 methylation with SAGA- and SLIK-dependent acetylation.
Isolation and characterization of mammalian HDAC10, a novel histone deacetylase.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a high affinity dopamine receptor (D1 beta) and its pseudogene.
Human MCRS2, a cell-cycle-dependent protein, associates with LPTS/PinX1 and reduces the telomere length.
Genetic and functional interaction between Ryh1 and Ypt3: two Rab GTPases that function in S. pombe secretory pathway.
A complex of two centrosomal proteins, CAP350 and FOP, cooperates with EB1 in microtubule anchoring.
Functional analysis of a human homologue of the Drosophila actin binding protein anillin suggests a role in cytokinesis.
Two distinct regions in a yeast myosin-V tail domain are required for the movement of different cargoes.
A series of novel mutants of Arabidopsis thaliana that are defective in the formation of continuous vascular network: calling the auxin signal flow canalization hypothesis into question.
Human NUF2 interacts with centromere-associated protein E and is essential for a stable spindle microtubule-kinetochore attachment.
JNK signaling pathway is required for efficient wound healing in Drosophila.
Pharmacological chaperone-mediated in vivo folding and stabilization of the P23H-opsin mutant associated with autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa.
ROS1, a repressor of transcriptional gene silencing in Arabidopsis, encodes a DNA glycosylase/lyase.
Tapasin is required for efficient peptide binding to transporter associated with antigen processing.
Arabidopsis ARGONAUTE1 is an RNA Slicer that selectively recruits microRNAs and short interfering RNAs.
Family-wide analysis of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity.
Chloroplast Oxa1p homolog albino3 is required for post-translational integration of the light harvesting chlorophyll-binding protein into thylakoid membranes.
Gradual release of sperm bound sex-peptide controls female postmating behavior in Drosophila.
Polycomb group proteins Ring1A/B link ubiquitylation of histone H2A to heritable gene silencing and X inactivation.
Phospholipase C-delta1 and -delta3 are essential in the trophoblast for placental development.
3-Aminopyrrolidinone farnesyltransferase inhibitors: design of macrocyclic compounds with improved pharmacokinetics and excellent cell potency.
Mutations in CHLOROPLAST RNA BINDING provide evidence for the involvement of the chloroplast in the regulation of the circadian clock in Arabidopsis.
Detailed analysis of the human mitochondrial contact site complex indicate a hierarchy of subunits.
The orphan nuclear receptor Tlx regulates Pax2 and is essential for vision.
E.coli Fis protein activates ribosomal RNA transcription in vitro and in vivo.
Structure of the nuclease subunit of human mitochondrial RNase P.
Biochemical and spectroscopic characterization of Escherichia coli aconitases (AcnA and AcnB).
Retrolinkin cooperates with endophilin A1 to mediate BDNF-TrkB early endocytic trafficking and signaling from early endosomes.
The EMT-activator ZEB1 promotes tumorigenicity by repressing stemness-inhibiting microRNAs.
A new Escherichia coli metabolic competency: growth on fatty acids by a novel anaerobic beta-oxidation pathway.
An LKB1-interacting protein negatively regulates TNFalpha-induced NF-kappaB activation.
Nuclear pore proteins nup153 and megator define transcriptionally active regions in the Drosophila genome.
Isoforms of human O-GlcNAcase show distinct catalytic efficiencies.
Catalytic mechanism revealed by the crystal structure of undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase in complex with sulfate, magnesium, and triton.
Riplet/RNF135, a RING finger protein, ubiquitinates RIG-I to promote interferon-beta induction during the early phase of viral infection.
Identification and characterization of the genes for N-acetylglucosamine kinase and N-acetylglucosamine-phosphate deacetylase in the pathogenic fungus Candida albicans.
FYVE-DSP1, a dual-specificity protein phosphatase containing an FYVE domain.
Identification of a new member of the steroid hormone receptor superfamily that is activated by a peroxisome proliferator and fatty acids.
A novel mitochondrial ubiquitin ligase plays a critical role in mitochondrial dynamics.
Structures of prostacyclin synthase and its complexes with substrate analog and inhibitor reveal a ligand-specific heme conformation change.
D1 receptor activation in the mushroom bodies rescues sleep-loss-induced learning impairments in Drosophila.
Vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2-mediated mitogenesis is negatively regulated by vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1 in tumor epithelial cells.
Absence of marginal zone B cells in Pyk-2-deficient mice defines their role in the humoral response.
The Arabidopsis homeotic genes APETALA3 and PISTILLATA are sufficient to provide the B class organ identity function.
Kinase activity and phosphorylation of the largest subunit of TFIIF transcription factor.
Rab27A-binding protein Slp2-a is required for peripheral melanosome distribution and elongated cell shape in melanocytes.
The Williams syndrome transcription factor interacts with PCNA to target chromatin remodelling by ISWI to replication foci.
UDP-galactose 4'-epimerase activities toward UDP-Gal and UDP-GalNAc play different roles in the development of Drosophila melanogaster.
The bifunctional active site of S-adenosylmethionine synthetase. Roles of the basic residues.
A TRP channel that senses cold stimuli and menthol.
Molecular characterization of mitochondrial apoptosis-inducing factor.
Characterization of pyranose dehydrogenase from Agaricus meleagris and its application in the C-2 specific conversion of D-galactose.
MITD1 is recruited to midbodies by ESCRT-III and participates in cytokinesis.
Control of final seed and organ size by the DA1 gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Purification, localization, and expression of human intestinal alkaline sphingomyelinase.
ABA-responsive RNA-binding proteins are involved in chloroplast and stromule function in Arabidopsis seedlings.
Regulation of the PAI-1 promoter by circadian clock components: differential activation by BMAL1 and BMAL2.
Balance and hearing deficits in mice with a null mutation in the gene encoding plasma membrane Ca2+-ATPase isoform 2.
Tetherin inhibits retrovirus release and is antagonized by HIV-1 Vpu.
Global analysis of Escherichia coli RNA degradosome function using DNA microarrays.
Luman, a new partner of HIV-1 TMgp41, interferes with Tat-mediated transcription of the HIV-1 LTR.
The novel inhibitory receptor G6B is expressed on the surface of platelets and attenuates platelet function in vitro.
Human dUTP pyrophosphatase: uracil recognition by a beta hairpin and active sites formed by three separate subunits.
Thirteen new patients with guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency and functional characterization of nineteen novel missense variants in the GAMT gene.
Aberrant lysosomal carbohydrate storage accompanies endocytic defects and neurodegeneration in Drosophila benchwarmer.
The neurotransmitter receptor-anchoring protein gephyrin reconstitutes molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis in bacteria, plants, and mammalian cells.
K+ channel activation by all three isoforms of serum- and glucocorticoid-dependent protein kinase SGK.
Mxra8 is a receptor for multiple arthritogenic alphaviruses.
Drosophila matrix metalloproteinases are required for tissue remodeling, but not embryonic development.
I-mfa domain proteins interact with Axin and affect its regulation of the Wnt and c-Jun N-terminal kinase signaling pathways.
Growth arrest and DNA damage-inducible protein GADD34 assembles a novel signaling complex containing protein phosphatase 1 and inhibitor 1.
JHDM2A, a JmjC-containing H3K9 demethylase, facilitates transcription activation by androgen receptor.
Myosin light chain kinase modulates hypotonicity-induced Ca2+ entry and Cl- channel activity in human cervical cancer cells.
Components of a new human protein kinase signal transduction pathway.
A homeodomain protein code specifies progenitor cell identity and neuronal fate in the ventral neural tube.
Distinct regulation of autophagic activity by Atg14L and Rubicon associated with Beclin 1-phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase complex.
Non-structural protein-1 is required for West Nile virus replication complex formation and viral RNA synthesis.
Regulation of endocytic recycling by C. elegans Rab35 and its regulator RME-4, a coated-pit protein.
SIRT2 deacetylates FOXO3a in response to oxidative stress and caloric restriction.
The Wnt-activated Xiro1 gene encodes a repressor that is essential for neural development and downregulates Bmp4.
Lectin receptor kinases participate in protein-protein interactions to mediate plasma membrane-cell wall adhesions in Arabidopsis.
PAT-12, a potential anti-nematode target, is a new spectraplakin partner essential for Caenorhabditis elegans hemidesmosome integrity and embryonic morphogenesis.
Nezha/CAMSAP3 and CAMSAP2 cooperate in epithelial-specific organization of noncentrosomal microtubules.
Characterization of RasGRP2, a plasma membrane-targeted, dual specificity Ras/Rap exchange factor.
Nipbl Interacts with Zfp609 and the Integrator Complex to Regulate Cortical Neuron Migration.
RFX6 regulates insulin secretion by modulating Ca2+ homeostasis in human β cells.
PDZ-RhoGEF ubiquitination by Cullin3-KLHL20 controls neurotrophin-induced neurite outgrowth.
The nuclear hormone receptor Ftz-F1 is a cofactor for the Drosophila homeodomain protein Ftz.
Molecular cloning of a novel human protein kinase, kpm, that is homologous to warts/lats, a Drosophila tumor suppressor.
Identification of guanylyl cyclases that function in thermosensory neurons of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Binding partners of the kinase domains in Drosophila obscurin and their effect on the structure of the flight muscle.
The nuclear receptor homologue Ftz-F1 and the homeodomain protein Ftz are mutually dependent cofactors.
Synaptotagmin VI and VIII and syntaxin 2 are essential for the mouse sperm acrosome reaction.
Characterization of Drosophila carboxypeptidase D.
UBXN1 interferes with Rig-I-like receptor-mediated antiviral immune response by targeting MAVS.
Light-independent role of CRY1 and CRY2 in the mammalian circadian clock.
A regulatory role for the 32K protein in proteolytic processing of cowpea mosaic virus polyproteins.
The PINOID protein kinase regulates organ development in Arabidopsis by enhancing polar auxin transport.
Recruitment of actin modifiers to TrkA endosomes governs retrograde NGF signaling and survival.
The membrane form of the type II IL-1 receptor accounts for inhibitory function.
Knockdown of human Oxa1l impairs the biogenesis of F1Fo-ATP synthase and NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase.
A pharmacological map of the PI3-K family defines a role for p110alpha in insulin signaling.
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae aldose reductase is implied in the metabolism of methylglyoxal in response to stress conditions.
Molecular cloning of mouse type 2 and type 3 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptors and identification of a novel type 2 receptor splice variant.
Cloning and characterization of a novel mammalian zinc transporter, zinc transporter 5, abundantly expressed in pancreatic beta cells.
Sarcolectin (SCL): structure and expression of the recombinant molecule.
Epac1 and PDZ-GEF cooperate in Rap1 mediated endothelial junction control.
NLRC5 negatively regulates the NF-kappaB and type I interferon signaling pathways.
Ebola virus matrix protein VP40 interaction with human cellular factors Tsg101 and Nedd4.
Nicotinoprotein (NADH-containing) alcohol dehydrogenase from Rhodococcus erythropolis DSM 1069: an efficient catalyst for coenzyme-independent oxidation of a broad spectrum of alcohols and the interconversion of alcohols and aldehydes.
Interaction between Not1p, a component of the Ccr4-not complex, a global regulator of transcription, and Dhh1p, a putative RNA helicase.
A C. elegans Ror receptor tyrosine kinase regulates cell motility and asymmetric cell division.
Regulation of stress-associated scaffold proteins JIP1 and JIP3 on the c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase in ischemia-reperfusion.
The CXXCXXC motif determines the folding, structure and stability of human Ero1-Lalpha.
The proteasome of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is required for resistance to nitric oxide.
Mouse Apg16L, a novel WD-repeat protein, targets to the autophagic isolation membrane with the Apg12-Apg5 conjugate.
Requirement of DDX3 DEAD box RNA helicase for HIV-1 Rev-RRE export function.
Oocyte specific oolemmal SAS1B involved in sperm binding through intra-acrosomal SLLP1 during fertilization.
Regulation of cell death and innate immunity by two receptor-like kinases in Arabidopsis.
JAK2 phosphorylates histone H3Y41 and excludes HP1alpha from chromatin.
A novel EVI1 gene family, MEL1, lacking a PR domain (MEL1S) is expressed mainly in t(1;3)(p36;q21)-positive AML and blocks G-CSF-induced myeloid differentiation.
Molecular characterization of a second iron-responsive element binding protein, iron regulatory protein 2. Structure, function, and post-translational regulation.
Microtubule minus-end stabilization by polymerization-driven CAMSAP deposition.
Decoding of sorting signals by coatomer through a GTPase switch in the COPI coat complex.
A novel transcription factor, T-bet, directs Th1 lineage commitment.
NeuroD is required for differentiation of the granule cells in the cerebellum and hippocampus.
Identification of a putative lysosomal cobalamin exporter altered in the cblF defect of vitamin B12 metabolism.
A Caenorhabditis elegans MAP kinase kinase, MEK-1, is involved in stress responses.
Functional characteristics and tissue distribution pattern of organic cation transporter 2 (OCTN2), an organic cation/carnitine transporter.
Transcription factor STOX1A promotes mitotic entry by binding to the CCNB1 promotor.
H2O2 sensing through oxidation of the Yap1 transcription factor.
Neuroligin-4 is localized to glycinergic postsynapses and regulates inhibition in the retina.
SEK-1 MAPKK mediates Ca2+ signaling to determine neuronal asymmetric development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Human DNA damage checkpoint protein hRAD9 is a 3' to 5' exonuclease.
Hole-in-one mutant phenotypes link EGFR/ERK signaling to epithelial tissue repair in Drosophila.
RNase 7, a novel innate immune defense antimicrobial protein of healthy human skin.
Acetylation of interferon regulatory factor-7 by p300/CREB-binding protein (CBP)-associated factor (PCAF) impairs its DNA binding.
The Caenorhabditis elegans EGL-15 signaling pathway implicates a DOS-like multisubstrate adaptor protein in fibroblast growth factor signal transduction.
Identification of COUP-TFII orphan nuclear receptor as a retinoic acid-activated receptor.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus protein nsp1 is a novel eukaryotic translation inhibitor that represses multiple steps of translation initiation.
Exportin-5 mediates nuclear export of minihelix-containing RNAs.
Inhibition of Akt and its anti-apoptotic activities by tumor necrosis factor-induced protein kinase C-related kinase 2 (PRK2) cleavage.
PKCalpha regulates platelet granule secretion and thrombus formation in mice.
A novel Mtd splice isoform is responsible for trophoblast cell death in pre-eclampsia.
Ras-GAP SH3 domain binding protein (G3BP) is a modulator of USP10, a novel human ubiquitin specific protease.
CUL4 associates with DDB1 and DET1 and its downregulation affects diverse aspects of development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Involvement of actinin-4 in the recruitment of JRAB/MICAL-L2 to cell-cell junctions and the formation of functional tight junctions.
An essential function of tapasin in quality control of HLA-G molecules.
Regulation of E2F1 activity by acetylation.
Sorting nexin 19 regulates the number of dense core vesicles in pancreatic β-cells.
Whole-exome sequencing identifies recessive WDR62 mutations in severe brain malformations.
Regulation of mTOR function in response to hypoxia by REDD1 and the TSC1/TSC2 tumor suppressor complex.
Two xyloglucan xylosyltransferases catalyze the addition of multiple xylosyl residues to cellohexaose.
The TMK subfamily of receptor-like kinases in Arabidopsis display an essential role in growth and a reduced sensitivity to auxin.
Entry of alphaherpesviruses mediated by poliovirus receptor-related protein 1 and poliovirus receptor.
Isolation of a cDNA that encodes a novel granulocyte N-formyl peptide receptor.
The Pseudomonas syringae avrRpt2 gene product promotes pathogen virulence from inside plant cells.
The zebrafish iguana locus encodes Dzip1, a novel zinc-finger protein required for proper regulation of Hedgehog signaling.
Plasma membrane deformation by circular arrays of ESCRT-III protein filaments.
Direct interaction of FANCD2 with BRCA2 in DNA damage response pathways.
SUMO E3 ligase HIGH PLOIDY2 regulates endocycle onset and meristem maintenance in Arabidopsis.
NTF2 mediates nuclear import of Ran.
Ataxin-2 associates with the endocytosis complex and affects EGF receptor trafficking.
IRAK (Pelle) family member IRAK-2 and MyD88 as proximal mediators of IL-1 signaling.
Determining the differences in actin binding by human ADF and cofilin.
Neuropeptide S: a neuropeptide promoting arousal and anxiolytic-like effects.
Th2 Cytokines Augment IL-31/IL-31RA Interactions via STAT6-dependent IL-31RA Expression.
Cooperativity and segregation of function within the Ig-alpha/beta heterodimer of the B cell antigen receptor complex.
Identification of a novel ionizing radiation-induced nuclease, AEN, and its functional characterization in apoptosis.
The interaction between ADAM 22 and 14-3-3zeta: regulation of cell adhesion and spreading.
Two novel mutations in the POU1F1 gene generate null alleles through different mechanisms leading to combined pituitary hormone deficiency.
Human paraoxonases (PON1, PON2, and PON3) are lactonases with overlapping and distinct substrate specificities.
Human claspin is required for replication checkpoint control.
Activation of RegB endoribonuclease by S1 ribosomal protein requires an 11 nt conserved sequence.
pICln inhibits snRNP biogenesis by binding core spliceosomal proteins.
Novel role for a Saccharomyces cerevisiae nucleoporin, Nup170p, in chromosome segregation.
The antioxidant enzyme Prdx1 controls neuronal differentiation by thiol-redox-dependent activation of GDE2.
RNase P without RNA: identification and functional reconstitution of the human mitochondrial tRNA processing enzyme.
Induction of tyrosine hydroxylase expression by the transcription factor Pitx3.
The out of phase 1 mutant defines a role for PHYB in circadian phase control in Arabidopsis.
A critical role for the protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type Z in functional recovery from demyelinating lesions.
SMYD3 encodes a histone methyltransferase involved in the proliferation of cancer cells.
SHANK3 mutations identified in autism lead to modification of dendritic spine morphology via an actin-dependent mechanism.
Sequence variants in SLITRK1 are associated with Tourette's syndrome.
Identification and characterization of human DNA polymerase beta 2, a DNA polymerase beta -related enzyme.
Crystal structure of a cytochrome P450 2B6 genetic variant in complex with the inhibitor 4-(4-chlorophenyl)imidazole at 2.0-A resolution.
Regulation of bone formation and remodeling by G-protein-coupled receptor 48.
Mammalian cells express two VPS4 proteins both of which are involved in intracellular protein trafficking.
Structural basis for SRY-dependent 46-X,Y sex reversal: modulation of DNA bending by a naturally occurring point mutation.
Phosphorylation of mouse sperm axoneme central apparatus protein SPAG16L by a testis-specific kinase, TSSK2.
The principle of temperature-dependent gating in cold- and heat-sensitive TRP channels.
RhoB induces apoptosis via direct interaction with TNFAIP1 in HeLa cells.
The opposite and antagonistic effects of the closely related POU family transcription factors Brn-3a and Brn-3b on the activity of a target promoter are dependent on differences in the POU domain.
A functional R domain from cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator is predominantly unstructured in solution.
TOK-1, a novel p21Cip1-binding protein that cooperatively enhances p21-dependent inhibitory activity toward CDK2 kinase.
Harmonin mutations cause mechanotransduction defects in cochlear hair cells.
Translocation of N-WASP by nuclear localization and export signals into the nucleus modulates expression of HSP90.
Identification of a novel gene family encoding human liver-specific organic anion transporter LST-1.
EXP-1 is an excitatory GABA-gated cation channel.
H-NS mediated compaction of DNA visualised by atomic force microscopy.
Identification of phostensin, a PP1 F-actin cytoskeleton targeting subunit.
Proinflammatory secreted phospholipase A2 type IIA (sPLA-IIA) induces integrin activation through direct binding to a newly identified binding site (site 2) in integrins αvβ3, α4β1, and α5β1.
Suppression of NF-kappaB-dependent gene expression by a hexamethylene bisacetamide-inducible protein HEXIM1 in human vascular smooth muscle cells.
Tubby-like protein 3 (TULP3) regulates patterning in the mouse embryo through inhibition of Hedgehog signaling.
p53DINP1, a p53-inducible gene, regulates p53-dependent apoptosis.
A TPR motif cofactor contributes to p300 activity in the p53 response.
PINK1 loss-of-function mutations affect mitochondrial complex I activity via NdufA10 ubiquinone uncoupling.
Involvement of urinary bladder Connexin43 and the circadian clock in coordination of diurnal micturition rhythm.
Soluble gp350/220 and deletion mutant glycoproteins block Epstein-Barr virus adsorption to lymphocytes.
A Notch-independent function of Suppressor of Hairless during the development of the bristle sensory organ precursor cell of Drosophila.
Identification of the SPLUNC1 ENaC-inhibitory domain yields novel strategies to treat sodium hyperabsorption in cystic fibrosis airway epithelial cultures.
The phosphothreonine lyase activity of a bacterial type III effector family.
BNIP3 and NIX mediate Mieap-induced accumulation of lysosomal proteins within mitochondria.
Cytokinin growth responses in Arabidopsis involve the 26S proteasome subunit RPN12.
PY motifs of Rod1 are required for binding to Rsp5 and for drug resistance.
Arabidopsis SOMATIC EMBRYOGENESIS RECEPTOR KINASE proteins serve brassinosteroid-dependent and -independent signaling pathways.
RPD3 (REC3) mutations affect mitotic recombination in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Mastermind recruits CycC:CDK8 to phosphorylate the Notch ICD and coordinate activation with turnover.
Cloning, expression and electrophysiological characterization of glycine receptor alpha subunit from zebrafish.
PERK mediates cell-cycle exit during the mammalian unfolded protein response.
Essential constituents of the 3'-phosphoesterase domain of bacterial DNA ligase D, a nonhomologous end-joining enzyme.
Mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase expressed on the surface of 3T3-L1 adipocytes mediates saturable fatty acid uptake.
Np95 is regulated by E1A during mitotic reactivation of terminally differentiated cells and is essential for S phase entry.
Identification of the stef gene that encodes a novel guanine nucleotide exchange factor specific for Rac1.
Cofilin/ADF is required for cell motility during Drosophila ovary development and oogenesis.
Homothorax switches function of Drosophila photoreceptors from color to polarized light sensors.
TRBP recruits the Dicer complex to Ago2 for microRNA processing and gene silencing.
Identification of one- and two-chain forms of trypsinogen 1 produced by a human gastric adenocarcinoma cell line.
Nuclear translocation controlled by alternatively spliced isoforms inactivates the QUAKING apoptotic inducer.
Arabidopsis TERMINAL FLOWER 2 gene encodes a heterochromatin protein 1 homolog and represses both FLOWERING LOCUS T to regulate flowering time and several floral homeotic genes.
The novel tail-anchored membrane protein Mff controls mitochondrial and peroxisomal fission in mammalian cells.
Epigenetic regulation of protein-coding and microRNA genes by the Gfi1-interacting tumor suppressor PRDM5.
Tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor (TRAF) 4 is a new binding partner for the p70S6 serine/threonine kinase.
GC-1 mRHBDD1 knockdown spermatogonia cells lose their spermatogenic capacity in mouse seminiferous tubules.
Arabidopsis reversibly glycosylated polypeptides 1 and 2 are essential for pollen development.
Engagement of the PD-1 immunoinhibitory receptor by a novel B7 family member leads to negative regulation of lymphocyte activation.
Two members of the TRPP family of ion channels, Pkd1l3 and Pkd2l1, are co-expressed in a subset of taste receptor cells.
Structural and functional conservation of the NuA4 histone acetyltransferase complex from yeast to humans.
K63-specific deubiquitination by two JAMM/MPN+ complexes: BRISC-associated Brcc36 and proteasomal Poh1.
A novel lysosome-associated membrane glycoprotein, DC-LAMP, induced upon DC maturation, is transiently expressed in MHC class II compartment.
Migfilin and Mig-2 link focal adhesions to filamin and the actin cytoskeleton and function in cell shape modulation.
Lava lamp, a novel peripheral golgi protein, is required for Drosophila melanogaster cellularization.
Apical, lateral, and basal polarization cues contribute to the development of the follicular epithelium during Drosophila oogenesis.
Seven Wnt homologues in Drosophila: a case study of the developing tracheae.
The molecular mechanisms of coactivator utilization in ligand-dependent transactivation by the androgen receptor.
Atomic structure of PDE4: insights into phosphodiesterase mechanism and specificity.
A hybrid mechanism of action for BCL6 in B cells defined by formation of functionally distinct complexes at enhancers and promoters.
mmCGM1a: a mouse carcinoembryonic antigen gene family member, generated by alternative splicing, functions as an adhesion molecule.
Binding at and transactivation of the COX-2 promoter by nuclear tyrosine kinase receptor ErbB-2.
Ethylene-binding activity, gene expression levels, and receptor system output for ethylene receptor family members from Arabidopsis and tomato.
Regulation of ionizing radiation-induced Rad52 nuclear foci formation by c-Abl-mediated phosphorylation.
SON controls cell-cycle progression by coordinated regulation of RNA splicing.
The protein-tyrosine kinase fer associates with signaling complexes containing insulin receptor substrate-1 and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase.
PDZD8 is a novel moesin-interacting cytoskeletal regulatory protein that suppresses infection by herpes simplex virus type 1.
Intragenic recombination and diversifying selection contribute to the evolution of downy mildew resistance at the RPP8 locus of Arabidopsis.
Expression, purification and characterization of a Kunitz-type protease inhibitor domain from human amyloid precursor protein homolog.
A protein conjugation system in yeast with homology to biosynthetic enzyme reaction of prokaryotes.
Human herpesvirus 6 variant A glycoprotein H-glycoprotein L-glycoprotein Q complex associates with human CD46.
Regulation of MTK1/MEKK4 kinase activity by its N-terminal autoinhibitory domain and GADD45 binding.
The structure of S100A11 fragment explains a local structural change induced by phosphorylation.
P130Cas-associated protein (p140Cap) as a new tyrosine-phosphorylated protein involved in cell spreading.
Espin cross-links cause the elongation of microvillus-type parallel actin bundles in vivo.
Impaired B and T cell antigen receptor signaling in p110delta PI 3-kinase mutant mice.
Tissue-specific regulation of retinal and pituitary precursor cell proliferation.
High-resolution structure of human phosphoserine phosphatase in open conformation.
Dimerization of Laforin is required for its optimal phosphatase activity, regulation of GSK3beta phosphorylation, and Wnt signaling.
Loss of sex discrimination and male-male aggression in mice deficient for TRP2.
Frataxin acts as an iron chaperone protein to modulate mitochondrial aconitase activity.
The EGL-21 carboxypeptidase E facilitates acetylcholine release at Caenorhabditis elegans neuromuscular junctions.
Appropriate suppression of Notch signaling by Mesp factors is essential for stripe pattern formation leading to segment boundary formation.
Interaction of the small GTPase Rac3 with NRBP, a protein with a kinase-homology domain.
The interferon response inhibits HIV particle production by induction of TRIM22.
Minichromosome maintenance helicase paralog MCM9 is dispensible for DNA replication but functions in germ-line stem cells and tumor suppression.
Ribosomal protein S1 binds mRNA and tmRNA similarly but plays distinct roles in translation of these molecules.
Activation of the protein kinase ERK5/BMK1 by receptor tyrosine kinases. Identification and characterization of a signaling pathway to the nucleus.
Identification of Vangl2 and Scrb1 as planar polarity genes in mammals.
Phosphorylation by Nek1 regulates opening and closing of voltage dependent anion channel 1.
Tip-localized receptors control pollen tube growth and LURE sensing in Arabidopsis.
Differential regulation of EGF receptor internalization and degradation by multiubiquitination within the kinase domain.
Glycogen synthase kinase-3 regulates mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization and apoptosis by destabilization of MCL-1.
Functional characterization of the alphavirus TF protein.
Two human ULBP/RAET1 molecules with transmembrane regions are ligands for NKG2D.
Mouse glycosylphosphatidylinositol-specific phospholipase D (Gpld1) characterization.
The cadherin Fat2 is required for planar cell polarity in the Drosophila ovary.
Unique and Overlapping Functions of Formins Frl and DAAM During Ommatidial Rotation and Neuronal Development in Drosophila.
Angiomotin: an angiostatin binding protein that regulates endothelial cell migration and tube formation.
Oligomerization-dependent regulation of motility and morphogenesis by the collagen XVIII NC1/endostatin domain.
AAC-11 overexpression induces invasion and protects cervical cancer cells from apoptosis.
TWEAK induces angiogenesis and proliferation of endothelial cells.
