<i>Arabidopsis</i> FORGETTER1 mediates stress-induced chromatin memory through nucleosome remodeling.
Mutations in a novel gene with transmembrane domains underlie Usher syndrome type 3.
Multifunctional roles of a bacteriophage phi 29 morphogenetic factor in assembly and infection.
The human Nramp2 gene: characterization of the gene structure, alternative splicing, promoter region and polymorphisms.
Cloning of a gene bearing missense mutations in early-onset familial Alzheimer's disease.
Members of the plant NIMA-related kinases are involved in organ development and vascularization in poplar, Arabidopsis and rice.
Rapid decrease of RNA level of a novel mouse mitochondria solute carrier protein (Mscp) gene at 4-5 weeks of age.
Isolation and sequence analysis of the Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato gene encoding a 2,3-diphosphoglycerate-independent phosphoglyceromutase.
MACF1 gene structure: a hybrid of plectin and dystrophin.
Structure of the large ribosomal subunit from human mitochondria.
Molecular cloning of insect pro-phenol oxidase: a copper-containing protein homologous to arthropod hemocyanin.
An antitumour lectin from the edible mushroom Agrocybe aegerita.
Mechanistic investigations on six bacterial terpene cyclases.
The isolation, properties and amino acid sequence of erabutoxin c, a minor neurotoxic component of the venom of a sea snake Katicauda semifasciata.
DNA-binding and oligomerization studies of the manganese(II) metalloregulatory protein MntR from Bacillus subtilis.
The Fy(x) phenotype is associated with a missense mutation in the Fy(b) allele predicting Arg89Cys in the Duffy glycoprotein.
L,L-diaminopimelate aminotransferase, a trans-kingdom enzyme shared by Chlamydia and plants for synthesis of diaminopimelate/lysine.
Expression profile of active genes in the human pituitary gland.
Scc2/Nipbl hops between chromosomal cohesin rings after loading.
Characterization and expression of the gene encoding membralin, an evolutionary conserved protein expressed in the central nervous system.
Novel endothelin B receptor transcripts with the potential of generating a new receptor.
Two forms of expression and genomic structure of the human heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein D-like JKTBP gene (HNRPDL).
Solenopsis invicta virus 3: mapping of structural proteins, ribosomal frameshifting, and similarities to Acyrthosiphon pisum virus and Kelp fly virus.
Shaw-like rat brain potassium channel cDNA's with divergent 3' ends.
A preliminary characterization of the cytosolic glutathione transferase proteome from Drosophila melanogaster.
A ligand-induced extracellular cleavage regulates gamma-secretase-like proteolytic activation of Notch1.
Alkali myosin light chains in man are encoded by a multigene family that includes the adult skeletal muscle, the embryonic or atrial, and nonsarcomeric isoforms.
Structural basis for inhibition of mycobacterial and human adenosine kinase by 7-substituted 7-(Het)aryl-7-deazaadenine ribonucleosides.
Sperm chromatin proteomics identifies evolutionarily conserved fertility factors.
A seed coat outer integument-specific promoter for Brassica napus.
Molecular cloning of multiple splicing variants of JIP-1 preferentially expressed in brain.
Cerd4, third member of the d4 gene family: expression and organization of genomic locus.
The Arabidopsis ceramidase AtACER functions in disease resistance and salt tolerance.
A conserved family of elav-like genes in vertebrates.
Mandelamide hydrolase from Pseudomonas putida: characterization of a new member of the amidase signature family.
CNS stem cells express a new class of intermediate filament protein.
Sequence of the relB transcription unit from Escherichia coli and identification of the relB gene.
Lysin motif-containing proteins LYP4 and LYP6 play dual roles in peptidoglycan and chitin perception in rice innate immunity.
Characterization of mouse brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1 (BAI1) and phytanoyl-CoA alpha-hydroxylase-associated protein 1, a novel BAI1-binding protein.
Nalp1b controls mouse macrophage susceptibility to anthrax lethal toxin.
A three-component dicamba O-demethylase from Pseudomonas maltophilia, strain DI-6: gene isolation, characterization, and heterologous expression.
PAR-3 defines a central subdomain of the cortical actin cap in mouse eggs.
Characterization of distinct mRNAs coding for putative isozymes of 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase.
Properties of the glucocorticoid modulatory element binding proteins GMEB-1 and -2: potential new modifiers of glucocorticoid receptor transactivation and members of the family of KDWK proteins.
HSPA8/HSC70 chaperone protein: structure, function, and chemical targeting.
Molecular cloning of Bral2, a novel brain-specific link protein, and immunohistochemical colocalization with brevican in perineuronal nets.
Granular gland transcriptomes in stimulated amphibian skin secretions.
Gene diversity patterns at 10 X-chromosomal loci in humans and chimpanzees.
The interaction of DIAP1 with dOmi/HtrA2 regulates cell death in Drosophila.
Identification of the critical role of Tyr-194 in the catalytic activity of a novel N-acyl-homoserine lactonase from marine Bacillus cereus strain Y2.
Promoter sequences from two different Brassica napus tapetal oleosin-like genes direct tapetal expression of beta-glucuronidase in transgenic Brassica plants.
MacroH2A, a core histone containing a large nonhistone region.
Complete sequence of the Drosophila nonmuscle myosin heavy-chain transcript: conserved sequences in the myosin tail and differential splicing in the 5' untranslated sequence.
Sperm development and motility are regulated by PP1 phosphatases in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Monodehydroascorbate reductase mediates TNT toxicity in plants.
Identification of fungal sphingolipid C9-methyltransferases by phylogenetic profiling.
Comparative sequence of human and mouse BAC clones from the mnd2 region of chromosome 2p13.
Bacteriophage phi 29 early protein p17. Self-association and hetero-association with the viral histone-like protein p6.
Identification and characterization of new cDNAs encoding outer dense fiber proteins of rat sperm.
Axon regeneration pathways identified by systematic genetic screening in C. elegans.
Cloning and characterization of CXIP1, a novel PICOT domain-containing Arabidopsis protein that associates with CAX1.
Bone marrow allograft rejection mediated by a novel murine NK receptor, NKG2I.
A rapidly evolving secretome builds and patterns a sea shell.
AGAMOUS controls GIANT KILLER, a multifunctional chromatin modifier in reproductive organ patterning and differentiation.
FAAP100 is essential for activation of the Fanconi anemia-associated DNA damage response pathway.
Fub1p, a novel protein isolated by boundary screening, binds the proteasome complex.
Charybdotoxin and noxiustoxin, two homologous peptide inhibitors of the K+ (Ca2+) channel.
p24/ING1-ALT1 and p47/ING1-ALT2, distinct alternative transcripts of p33/ING1.
Presence and expression of a novel variant form of ST2 gene product in human leukemic cell line UT-7/GM.
An essential role for chloroplast heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90C) in protein import into chloroplasts.
The riddle of the dual expression of IgM and IgD.
Mechanisms for defining supercoiling set point of DNA gyrase orthologs: I. A nonconserved acidic C-terminal tail modulates Escherichia coli gyrase activity.
Mouse MIM, a tissue-specific regulator of cytoskeletal dynamics, interacts with ATP-actin monomers through its C-terminal WH2 domain.
A novel gene "Niban" upregulated in renal carcinogenesis: cloning by the cDNA-amplified fragment length polymorphism approach.
The human A-myb protein is a strong activator of transcription.
MYO18B, a candidate tumor suppressor gene at chromosome 22q12.1, deleted, mutated, and methylated in human lung cancer.
Structure and complex transcription pattern of the mouse SK1 K(Ca) channel gene, KCNN1.
Previously uncharacterized isoforms of divalent metal transporter (DMT)-1: implications for regulation and cellular function.
The MSP1 gene is necessary to restrict the number of cells entering into male and female sporogenesis and to initiate anther wall formation in rice.
Molecular cloning and characterization of novel ficolins from Xenopus laevis.
Mycobacteriophage Lysin B is a novel mycolylarabinogalactan esterase.
Notchless encodes a novel WD40-repeat-containing protein that modulates Notch signaling activity.
Isolation and characterization of the DLAD/Dlad genes, which lie head-to-head with the genes for urate oxidase.
Isolation and developmental expression of Xenopus FoxJ1 and FoxK1.
A human calcium-activated potassium channel gene expressed in vascular smooth muscle.
Melanin-concentrating hormone receptor is a target of leptin action in the mouse brain.
Arabidopsis response regulator, ARR22, ectopic expression of which results in phenotypes similar to the wol cytokinin-receptor mutant.
Cloning and functional characterization of the rat stomach fundus serotonin receptor.
Mapping of three translocation breakpoints associated with orofacial clefting within 6p24 and identification of new transcripts within the region.
MapZ marks the division sites and positions FtsZ rings in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
A family of acid-sensing ion channels from the zebrafish: widespread expression in the central nervous system suggests a conserved role in neuronal communication.
The product of the mammalian orthologue of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae HBS1 gene is phylogenetically related to eukaryotic release factor 3 (eRF3) but does not carry eRF3-like activity.
Cell cycle-dependent regulation of a human DNA helicase that localizes in DNA damage foci.
Cloning of glycoprotein D cDNA, which encodes the major subunit of the Duffy blood group system and the receptor for the Plasmodium vivax malaria parasite.
Characterization of the chromosomal aac(6')-Ic gene from Serratia marcescens.
Molecular cloning and sequencing of the human heme-regulated eukaryotic initiation factor 2 alpha (eIF-2 alpha) kinase from bone marrow culture.
The complete amino acid sequence of a mouse kappa light chain.
Criteria for gene identification and features of genome organization: analysis of 6.5 Mb of DNA sequence from human chromosome 21.
Molecular cloning and preliminary function study of a novel human gene, TSARG7, related to spermatogenesis.
Neutral sphingomyelinase-3 is a DNA damage and nongenotoxic stress-regulated gene that is deregulated in human malignancies.
Id gene activity during Xenopus embryogenesis.
Splicing of receptor-like kinase-encoding SNC4 and CERK1 is regulated by two conserved splicing factors that are required for plant immunity.
Identification of gene clusters associated with fusaric acid, fusarin, and perithecial pigment production in Fusarium verticillioides.
members only encodes a Drosophila nucleoporin required for rel protein import and immune response activation.
Evidence for an alternate splicing in the thyroperoxidase messenger from patients with Graves' disease.
Mutations in DZIP1L, which encodes a ciliary-transition-zone protein, cause autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease.
Overexpression of PGA37/MYB118 and MYB115 promotes vegetative-to-embryonic transition in Arabidopsis.
Halocidin: a new antimicrobial peptide from hemocytes of the solitary tunicate, Halocynthia aurantium.
A mutation in MRH2 kinesin enhances the root hair tip growth defect caused by constitutively activated ROP2 small GTPase in Arabidopsis.
Structure and heterogeneity of the human gene for epiplakin (EPPK1).
VIRMA mediates preferential m<sup>6</sup>A mRNA methylation in 3'UTR and near stop codon and associates with alternative polyadenylation.
Identification and characterization of a Ca2+-dependent actin filament-severing protein from lily pollen.
Isolation and characterisation of five neurotoxic and cardiotoxic polypeptides from the sea anemone Anthopleura elegantissima.
Structure of the mycosin-1 protease from the mycobacterial ESX-1 protein type VII secretion system.
cDNA cloning, expression and chromosomal localization of the human sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase 3 gene.
Equisetin biosynthesis in Fusarium heterosporum.
Localization of DING proteins on PstS-containing outer-surface appendages of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Gastric cancers overexpress DARPP-32 and a novel isoform, t-DARPP.
Shark myelin basic protein: amino acid sequence, secondary structure, and self-association.
Five novel avian Eph-related tyrosine kinases are differentially expressed.
A recessive mutation, immune deficiency (imd), defines two distinct control pathways in the Drosophila host defense.
Fine sequence analysis of 60 kb around the Arabidopsis thaliana AtEm1 locus on chromosome III.
Three unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis-related genes in yellow catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco: Molecular characterization, tissue expression and transcriptional regulation by leptin.
Characterization of functional domains of the cblD (MMADHC) gene product.
Isolation of LEM domain-containing 1, a novel testis-specific gene expressed in colorectal cancers.
EHD2 and the novel EH domain binding protein EHBP1 couple endocytosis to the actin cytoskeleton.
Genome-based cluster deletion reveals an endocrocin biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Differential regulation of multiple alternatively spliced transcripts of MyoD.
Molecular cloning of a human basic fibroblast growth factor receptor cDNA and expression of a biologically active extracellular domain in a baculovirus system.
A novel lipid transfer protein from the pea Pisum sativum: isolation, recombinant expression, solution structure, antifungal activity, lipid binding, and allergenic properties.
Characterization of a potassium channel toxin from the Caribbean Sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel human variant of RIC-3, a putative chaperone of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Expression profiling and differential screening between hepatoblastomas and the corresponding normal livers: identification of high expression of the PLK1 oncogene as a poor-prognostic indicator of hepatoblastomas.
Expression pattern and cellular distribution of the murine homologue of AF10.
Characterisation of bovine peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors gamma 1 and gamma 2: genetic mapping and differential expression of the two isoforms.
A masquerade-like serine proteinase homologue is necessary for phenoloxidase activity in the coleopteran insect, Holotrichia diomphalia larvae.
Hylins: bombinins H structurally related peptides from the skin secretion of the Brazilian tree-frog Hyla biobeba.
Analysis of the Arabidopsis MADS AFFECTING FLOWERING gene family: MAF2 prevents vernalization by short periods of cold.
Protein phosphatase 4 is required for centrosome maturation in mitosis and sperm meiosis in C. elegans.
Expression cloning of a new member of the ABO blood group glycosyltransferases, iGb3 synthase, that directs the synthesis of isoglobo-glycosphingolipids.
Purification and Characterization of Nk-3FTx: A Three Finger Toxin from the Venom of North East Indian Monocled Cobra.
Molecular structure of microtubule-associated protein 2b and 2c from rat brain.
Characterization of four clustered and coregulated genes associated with fumonisin biosynthesis in Fusarium verticillioides.
Role of a ribosome-associated E3 ubiquitin ligase in protein quality control.
Isolation of the chicken NF-kappa B p65 subunit-encoding cDNA and characterization of its products.
Expression of Lhx9 isoforms in the developing gonads of Rana rugosa.
Roles of Asp75, Asp78, and Glu83 of GTP-dependent phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase from Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Identification of two pentatricopeptide repeat genes required for RNA editing and zinc binding by C-terminal cytidine deaminase-like domains.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence of the Lactobacillus casei lactate dehydrogenase gene.
Molecular analysis and characterization of zebrafish keratocan (zKera) gene.
Mechanism of ketol acid reductoisomerase--steady-state analysis and metal ion requirement.
Developmental expression of potassium-channel subunit Kv3.2 within subpopulations of mouse hippocampal inhibitory interneurons.
Characterization and distribution of the neuronal glutamate transporter EAAC1 in rat brain.
Hypoxia induces transcription of 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-biphosphatase-4 gene via hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha activation.
Discovery and characterization of an amidinotransferase involved in the modification of archaeal tRNA.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe centromere protein Mis19 links Mis16 and Mis18 to recruit CENP-A through interacting with NMD factors and the SWI/SNF complex.
Characterization of JDP genes, an evolutionarily conserved J domain-only protein family, from human and moths.
Molecular cloning and sequences of cDNAs encoding alpha (large) and beta (small) isoforms of human pancreatic zymogen granule membrane-associated protein GP2.
The hemidesmosomal protein bullous pemphigoid antigen 1 and the integrin beta 4 subunit bind to ERBIN. Molecular cloning of multiple alternative splice variants of ERBIN and analysis of their tissue expression.
Isolation and characterization of α-elapitoxin-Bf1b, a postsynaptic neurotoxin from Malaysian Bungarus fasciatus venom.
Flufenacet herbicide treatment phenocopies the fiddlehead mutant in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular cloning of the nemA gene encoding N-ethylmaleimide reductase from Escherichia coli.
Expression of a novel insulin-activated amino acid transporter gene during differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes into adipocytes.
Regulation of Arabidopsis tapetum development and function by DYSFUNCTIONAL TAPETUM1 (DYT1) encoding a putative bHLH transcription factor.
The epsins define a family of proteins that interact with components of the clathrin coat and contain a new protein module.
An Arabidopsis cDNA encoding a DNA-binding protein that is highly similar to the DEAH family of RNA/DNA helicase genes.
The Fork head transcription factor DAF-16 transduces insulin-like metabolic and longevity signals in C. elegans.
Eukaryotic initiation factor 4B from wheat and Arabidopsis thaliana is a member of a multigene family.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cell-specific receptor ILT7-Fc epsilonRI gamma inhibits Toll-like receptor-induced interferon production.
Purification and initial characterization of proline 4-hydroxylase from Streptomyces griseoviridus P8648: a 2-oxoacid, ferrous-dependent dioxygenase involved in etamycin biosynthesis.
Structural basis of dual Ca<sup>2+</sup>/pH regulation of the endolysosomal TRPML1 channel.
Prediction of three different isoforms of the human UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 2-epimerase/N-acetylmannosamine kinase.
Identification of a Mycobacterium tuberculosis gene that enhances mycobacterial survival in macrophages.
Propionyl coenzyme A (propionyl-CoA) carboxylase in Haloferax mediterranei: Indispensability for propionyl-CoA assimilation and impacts on global metabolism.
A novel myb oncogene homologue in Arabidopsis thaliana related to hypersensitive cell death.
Uncovering rare NADH-preferring ketol-acid reductoisomerases.
MICALs, a family of conserved flavoprotein oxidoreductases, function in plexin-mediated axonal repulsion.
Arabidopsis peroxisomal malate dehydrogenase functions in beta-oxidation but not in the glyoxylate cycle.
IMP dehydrogenase from Pneumocystis carinii as a potential drug target.
Identification and molecular characterization of NKp30, a novel triggering receptor involved in natural cytotoxicity mediated by human natural killer cells.
The AMP-activated protein kinase AAK-2 links energy levels and insulin-like signals to lifespan in C. elegans.
Obscurin-like 1, OBSL1, is a novel cytoskeletal protein related to obscurin.
Metallochaperone-like genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular complex of three testis-specific isozymes associated with the mouse sperm fibrous sheath: hexokinase 1, phosphofructokinase M, and glutathione S-transferase mu class 5.
(+)Insert smooth muscle myosin heavy chain (SM-B) isoform expression in human tissues.
Nucleotide and amino acid sequences of embryonic rat MAP2c.
Proteome analysis of a rat liver nuclear insoluble protein fraction and localization of a novel protein, ISP36, to compartments in the interchromatin space.
Differential expression of GS5 regulates grain size in rice.
Biosynthesis of steroidal antibiotic fusidanes: functional analysis of oxidosqualene cyclase and subsequent tailoring enzymes from Aspergillus fumigatus.
Structural underpinnings of nitrogen regulation by the prototypical nitrogen-responsive transcriptional factor NrpR.
Two highly similar DEAD box proteins, OsRH2 and OsRH34, homologous to eukaryotic initiation factor 4AIII, play roles of the exon junction complex in regulating growth and development in rice.
Structural basis for the bifunctionality of fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase.
Active-site remodelling in the bifunctional fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase.
Natural structural variants of the nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor affect transcriptional activation.
Identification of LACTB2, a metallo-β-lactamase protein, as a human mitochondrial endoribonuclease.
The neuropeptidome of Rhodnius prolixus brain.
A proteomics approach to identify proteins differentially expressed in Douglas-fir seedlings infected by Phellinus sulphurascens.
Molecular characterization of the cytoplasmic interacting protein of the receptor kinase IRK expressed in the inflorescence and root apices of Arabidopsis.
Identification of three clones which commonly interact with the kinase domains of highly homologous two receptor-like kinases, RLK902 and RKL1.
Molecular cloning of a novel serine/threonine kinase, MRK, possibly involved in cardiac development.
The C. elegans vulval induction gene lin-2 encodes a member of the MAGUK family of cell junction proteins.
An alternatively processed mRNA specific for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in human tissues.
Characterization of the mouse PDGF A-chain gene. Evolutionary conservation of gene structure, nucleotide sequence and alternative splicing.
A family of mammalian Fringe genes implicated in boundary determination and the Notch pathway.
Primary structure of Stoichactis helianthus cytolysin III.
Identification of new human cadherin genes using a combination of protein motif search and gene finding methods.
Deciphering the role of the type II glyoxalase isoenzyme YcbL (GlxII-2) in Escherichia coli.
Masquerade: a novel secreted serine protease-like molecule is required for somatic muscle attachment in the Drosophila embryo.
The Bacillus subtilis spo0B stage 0 sporulation operon encodes an essential GTP-binding protein.
General resistance to sterol biosynthesis inhibitors in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Increased level of polyploidy1, a conserved repressor of CYCLINA2 transcription, controls endoreduplication in Arabidopsis.
Potent heterologous antifungal proteins from cheeseweed (Malva parviflora).
MtENOD11 gene activation during rhizobial infection and mycorrhizal arbuscule development requires a common AT-rich-containing regulatory sequence.
Reduction of mitoferrin results in abnormal development and extended lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning and sequence determination of a human rheumatoid factor light-chain gene.
SMG-2 is a phosphorylated protein required for mRNA surveillance in Caenorhabditis elegans and related to Upf1p of yeast.
Prediction and characterization of enzymatic activities guided by sequence similarity and genome neighborhood networks.
Hydroxylamine reductase activity of the hybrid cluster protein from Escherichia coli.
Multiple C2 domains transmembrane protein 1 is expressed in CNS neurons and possibly regulates cellular vesicle retrieval and oxidative stress.
Vlgr1 knockout mice show audiogenic seizure susceptibility.
During apoptosis of tumor cells HMGA1a protein undergoes methylation: identification of the modification site by mass spectrometry.
A yeast gene product, Fob1 protein, required for both replication fork blocking and recombinational hotspot activities.
Identification of myosin XI receptors in Arabidopsis defines a distinct class of transport vesicles.
A Ras signaling complex controls the RasC-TORC2 pathway and directed cell migration.
E2F-dependent accumulation of hEmi1 regulates S phase entry by inhibiting APC(Cdh1).
Math6, a bHLH gene expressed in the developing nervous system, regulates neuronal versus glial differentiation.
Determination of the crystal structure and active residues of FabV, the enoyl-ACP reductase from Xanthomonas oryzae.
How the early sporulation sigma factor sigmaF delays the switch to late development in Bacillus subtilis.
Isolation and characterization of e3B1, an eps8 binding protein that regulates cell growth.
Cloning and purification of alpha-neurotoxins from king cobra (Ophiophagus hannah).
Molecular cloning and characterization of Brugia malayi hexokinase.
Hematopoietic gene expression profile in zebrafish kidney marrow.
The NADPH:quinone oxidoreductase P1-zeta-crystallin in Arabidopsis catalyzes the alpha,beta-hydrogenation of 2-alkenals: detoxication of the lipid peroxide-derived reactive aldehydes.
Comparison of ergot alkaloid biosynthesis gene clusters in Claviceps species indicates loss of late pathway steps in evolution of C. fusiformis.
Arabidopsis enhanced disease susceptibility mutants exhibit enhanced susceptibility to several bacterial pathogens and alterations in PR-1 gene expression.
Accumulation of the lipid A precursor UDP-2,3-diacylglucosamine in an Escherichia coli mutant lacking the lpxH gene.
The Escherichia coli gene encoding the UDP-2,3-diacylglucosamine pyrophosphatase of lipid A biosynthesis.
Brittle Culm 12, a dual-targeting kinesin-4 protein, controls cell-cycle progression and wall properties in rice.
Mitf-Mdel, a novel melanocyte/melanoma-specific isoform of microphthalmia-associated transcription factor-M, as a candidate biomarker for melanoma.
A family 8 glycoside hydrolase from Bacillus halodurans C-125 (BH2105) is a reducing end xylose-releasing exo-oligoxylanase.
The amino acid sequence of a gonococcal growth inhibitor from Staphylococcus haemolyticus.
A new isochorismate synthase specifically involved in menaquinone (vitamin K2) biosynthesis encoded by the menF gene.
PFA, a novel mollusk agglutinin, is structurally related to the ribosome-inactivating protein superfamily.
Activation of plant immune responses by a gain-of-function mutation in an atypical receptor-like kinase.
Cloning and characterization of GNS1: a Saccharomyces cerevisiae gene involved in synthesis of 1,3-beta-glucan in vitro.
Mutations in human dynamin block an intermediate stage in coated vesicle formation.
Identification and expression analysis of novel Jakmip1 transcripts.
PWP1 Mediates Nutrient-Dependent Growth Control through Nucleolar Regulation of Ribosomal Gene Expression.
The fluorinase from Streptomyces cattleya is also a chlorinase.
A molecular switch for initiating cell differentiation in Arabidopsis.
dE2F2, a novel E2F-family transcription factor in Drosophila melanogaster.
Arabidopsis SHORT INTEGUMENTS 2 is a mitochondrial DAR GTPase.
Structure of EvaA: a paradigm for sugar 2,3-dehydratases.
Human myelin DM-20 proteolipid protein deletion defined by cDNA sequence.
Tissue specific variants of glutamate transporter GLT-1.
Crystal structures of human cholinesterases in complex with huprine W and tacrine: elements of specificity for anti-Alzheimer's drugs targeting acetyl- and butyryl-cholinesterase.
Purification and characterization of glutamine synthetase of Pseudomonas taetrolens Y-30: an enzyme usable for production of theanine by coupling with the alcoholic fermentation system of baker's yeast.
Identification in Drosophila melanogaster of the invertebrate G protein-coupled FMRFamide receptor.
Comparative characterization of the oah2 gene homologous to the oah1 of Thermus thermophilus HB8.
Purification, characterization, and biosynthesis of margatoxin, a component of Centruroides margaritatus venom that selectively inhibits voltage-dependent potassium channels.
Identification of the pdxK gene that encodes pyridoxine (vitamin B6) kinase in Escherichia coli K-12.
Complete nucleotide sequence of the membrane form of the human IgM heavy chain.
Upregulation of the cochaperone Mdg1 in endothelial cells is induced by stress and during in vitro angiogenesis.
A link between metastasis and resistance to apoptosis of variant small cell lung carcinoma.
X-ray structure of Candida antarctica lipase A shows a novel lid structure and a likely mode of interfacial activation.
Identification of the nucleocytoplasmic shuttling sequence of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein D-like protein JKTBP and its interaction with mRNA.
Hem-1, a potential membrane protein, with expression restricted to blood cells.
Negative regulation of Wnt signalling by HMG2L1, a novel NLK-binding protein.
Structure of a glutamate transporter homologue from Pyrococcus horikoshii.
Identification of the mpl gene encoding UDP-N-acetylmuramate: L-alanyl-gamma-D-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelate ligase in Escherichia coli and its role in recycling of cell wall peptidoglycan.
Cloning and mapping of a cDNA for methionine synthase reductase, a flavoprotein defective in patients with homocystinuria.
Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 7 (HPS-7) results from mutant dysbindin, a member of the biogenesis of lysosome-related organelles complex 1 (BLOC-1).
The amino acid sequences of erabutoxins, neurotoxic proteins of sea-snake (Laticauda semifasciata) venom.
Defective RNA processing enhances RNA silencing and influences flowering of Arabidopsis.
Interactome analysis reveals versatile functions of Arabidopsis COLD SHOCK DOMAIN PROTEIN 3 in RNA processing within the nucleus and cytoplasm.
FAAP20: a novel ubiquitin-binding FA nuclear core-complex protein required for functional integrity of the FA-BRCA DNA repair pathway.
Novel class of polytopic proteins with domains associated with putative protease activity.
Characterization of a pollen-expressed receptor-like kinase gene of Petunia inflata and the activity of its encoded kinase.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of a D-psicose 3-epimerase from Clostridium cellulolyticum H10.
Developmental expression of the Xenopus Iroquois-family homeobox genes, Irx4 and Irx5.
Sequence of a melibiose transporter gene of Enterobacter cloacae.
Dissection of the host range of the fungal plant pathogen Alternaria alternata by modification of secondary metabolism.
Regulation by oligomerization in a mycobacterial folate biosynthetic enzyme.
Insights into the mRNA cleavage mechanism by MazF, an mRNA interferase.
The nucleotide sequence of the essential cell-division gene ftsZ of Escherichia coli.
Molecular characterization of a novel metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR5 coupled to inositol phosphate/Ca2+ signal transduction.
A Bowman-Birk inhibitor with anti-elastase activity from Lathyrus sativus L. seeds.
Phosphorylation of the AP2 mu subunit by AAK1 mediates high affinity binding to membrane protein sorting signals.
The essential Escherichia coli msbA gene, a multicopy suppressor of null mutations in the htrB gene, is related to the universally conserved family of ATP-dependent translocators.
Analysis of a fungus-specific transcription factor family, the Candida albicans zinc cluster proteins, by artificial activation.
Acute infection and macrophage subversion by Mycobacterium tuberculosis require a specialized secretion system.
A new factor Xa inhibitor (lefaxin) from the Haementeria depressa leech.
Cloning of cDNAs coding for human HMG I and HMG Y proteins: both are capable of binding to the octamer sequence motif.
Intracellular siderophores are essential for ascomycete sexual development in heterothallic Cochliobolus heterostrophus and homothallic Gibberella zeae.
Heteromultimeric channels formed by rat brain potassium-channel proteins.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of murine cDNA encoding transcription factor NFATc.
The novel actin/focal adhesion-associated protein MISP is involved in mitotic spindle positioning in human cells.
The secretory peptide gene EPF1 enforces the stomatal one-cell-spacing rule.
alpha-ketoglutaric semialdehyde dehydrogenase isozymes involved in metabolic pathways of D-glucarate, D-galactarate, and hydroxy-L-proline. Molecular and metabolic convergent evolution.
A novel hemoglobin variant beta135(H13) Ala > Asp identified in an asymptomatic Korean family by direct sequencing: suggesting a new insight into Hb Beckman mutation.
Systematic analysis of protein subcellular localization and interaction using high-throughput transient transformation of Arabidopsis seedlings.
Characterization of the retinoblastoma binding proteins RBP1 and RBP2.
Human molybdopterin synthase gene: identification of a bicistronic transcript with overlapping reading frames.
Mutation in the gene encoding ubiquitin ligase LRSAM1 in patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
High production of methyl mercaptan by L-methionine-alpha-deamino-gamma-mercaptomethane lyase from Treponema denticola.
A BIR motif containing gene of African swine fever virus, 4CL, is nonessential for growth in vitro and viral virulence.
The skeletal proteome of the coral Acropora millepora: the evolution of calcification by co-option and domain shuffling.
Identification of IL-40, a Novel B Cell-Associated Cytokine.
Nonclassical progesterone signalling molecules in the nervous system.
Human GLTP and mutant forms of ACD11 suppress cell death in the Arabidopsis acd11 mutant.
A fragmented aflatoxin-like gene cluster in the forest pathogen Dothistroma septosporum.
The fifth essential DNA polymerase phi in Saccharomyces cerevisiae is localized to the nucleolus and plays an important role in synthesis of rRNA.
The tuberculosis necrotizing toxin kills macrophages by hydrolyzing NAD.
Properties of overexpressed phage T5 D15 exonuclease. Similarities with Escherichia coli DNA polymerase I 5'-3' exonuclease.
GENERATIVE CELL SPECIFIC 1 is essential for angiosperm fertilization.
Molecular cloning of protein 4.1, a major structural element of the human erythrocyte membrane skeleton.
Requirement of a corepressor for Dr1-mediated repression of transcription.
The novel protein KBP regulates mitochondria localization by interaction with a kinesin-like protein.
Developmental Defects of Caenorhabditis elegans Lacking Branched-chain α-Ketoacid Dehydrogenase Are Mainly Caused by Monomethyl Branched-chain Fatty Acid Deficiency.
Snake venom toxins. The purification and amino acid sequence of toxin F VII  from Dendroaspis angusticeps venom.
LEUNIG, a putative transcriptional corepressor that regulates AGAMOUS expression during flower development.
Molecular cloning and characterization of l-methionine γ-lyase from Streptomyces avermitilis.
Isolation and sequence analysis of the cDNA encoding subunit C of human CCAAT-binding transcription factor.
Aspergillus oryzae atfB encodes a transcription factor required for stress tolerance in conidia.
Mutations in rice (Oryza sativa) heavy metal ATPase 2 (OsHMA2) restrict the translocation of zinc and cadmium.
GLS-1, a novel P granule component, modulates a network of conserved RNA regulators to influence germ cell fate decisions.
Structural insights into a new homodimeric self-activated GTPase family.
Identification of genes necessary for wild-type levels of seed phytic acid in Arabidopsis thaliana using a reverse genetics approach.
A proteomic view at the biochemistry of syntrophic butyrate oxidation in Syntrophomonas wolfei.
Ribosomal biosynthesis of α-amanitin in Galerina marginata.
Receptor-mediated selective autophagy degrades the endoplasmic reticulum and the nucleus.
δ-Conotoxins synthesized using an acid-cleavable solubility tag approach reveal key structural determinants for NaV subtype selectivity.
Molecular cloning of a fourth member of the potassium-dependent sodium-calcium exchanger gene family, NCKX4.
Identification of FMR2, a novel gene associated with the FRAXE CCG repeat and CpG island.
Comparative genome analysis of the neurexin gene family in Danio rerio: insights into their functions and evolution.
Determination of the nucleotide sequence and chromosomal localization of the ATP2B2 gene encoding human Ca(2+)-pumping ATPase isoform PMCA2.
Cloning and characterization of chi-1: a developmentally regulated member of a novel class of the ionotropic glutamate receptor family.
Developmental and regional expression pattern of a novel NMDA receptor-like subunit (NMDAR-L) in the rodent brain.
The structure and function of human IgA.
Human ninein is a centrosomal autoantigen recognized by CREST patient sera and plays a regulatory role in microtubule nucleation.
Fly LMBR1/LIMR-type protein Lilipod promotes germ-line stem cell self-renewal by enhancing BMP signaling.
Inhibitory activity and mechanism of two scorpion venom peptides against herpes simplex virus type 1.
Characterization of two cDNAs encoding insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) in the human fetal brain.
Role of transcription factor NimR (YeaM) in sensitivity control of Escherichia coli to 2-nitroimidazole.
Stratum, a Homolog of the Human GEF Mss4, Partnered with Rab8, Controls the Basal Restriction of Basement Membrane Proteins in Epithelial Cells.
Expression of PAX 3 alternatively spliced transcripts and identification of two new isoforms in human tumors of neural crest origin.
Post-translational modifications of arabinogalactan-peptides of Arabidopsis thaliana. Endoplasmic reticulum and glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchor signal cleavage sites and hydroxylation of proline.
rDLG6: a novel homolog of Drosophila DLG expressed in rat brain.
Cloning and characterization of human adenosine 5'-triphosphate-binding cassette, sub-family A, transporter 2 (ABCA2).
Proteomic and peptidomic analysis of the venom from Chinese tarantula Chilobrachys jingzhao.
A cell-associated protein complex of Porphyromonas gingivalis W50 composed of Arg- and Lys-specific cysteine proteinases and adhesins.
K-sam gene encodes secreted as well as transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinase.
Acetylation of TBX5 by KAT2B and KAT2A regulates heart and limb development.
Novel family of carbohydrate esterases, based on identification of the Hypocrea jecorina acetyl esterase gene.
Isolation, cloning and functional characterization of porcine mannose-binding lectin.
Non-AUG translational initiation of a short CAPC transcript generating  protein isoform.
Expression pattern of the winged helix factor XFD-11 during Xenopus embryogenesis.
Putative proteins related to group II intron reverse transcriptase/maturases are encoded by nuclear genes in higher plants.
A novel archaeal DNA repair factor that acts with the UvrABC system to repair mitomycin C-induced DNA damage in a PCNA-dependent manner.
Legionella bozemanae synthesizes phosphatidylcholine from exogenous choline.
A hippocampal protein associated with paraneoplastic neurologic syndrome and small cell lung carcinoma.
Nucleotide sequence of the glutamine synthetase gene (glnA) and its upstream region from Bacillus cereus.
EXECUTER1- and EXECUTER2-dependent transfer of stress-related signals from the plastid to the nucleus of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Crystal structure of NH3-dependent NAD+ synthetase from Helicobacter pylori.
Regulation of aging and age-related disease by DAF-16 and heat-shock factor.
Multiplication of antenna genes as a major adaptation to low light in a marine prokaryote.
Escherichia coli kduD encodes an oxidoreductase that converts both sugar and steroid substrates.
Identification of interferon-γ-inducible-lysosomal thiol reductase (GILT) gene in goldfish (Carassius auratus) and its immune response to LPS challenge.
Azotobacter vinelandii NADPH:ferredoxin reductase cloning, sequencing, and overexpression.
Rice JASMONATE RESISTANT 1 is involved in phytochrome and jasmonate signalling.
Expression analysis of a Notch homologue in the mouse embryo.
Molecular genetic analysis of porcine mannose-binding lectin genes, MBL1 and MBL2, and their association with complement activity.
Cloning and characterization of the dromedary (Camelus dromedarius) neonatal Fc receptor (drFcRn).
Distinct expression patterns and biological activities of two isoforms of the mouse orphan receptor TR2.
Toxoplasma gondii myosins B/C: one gene, two tails, two localizations, and a role in parasite division.
Analysis of the genes forming the distal parts of the two cbb CO2 fixation operons from Alcaligenes eutrophus.
Rapid accumulation of an interleukin 17 homolog transcript in Crassostrea gigas hemocytes following bacterial exposure.
cDNA sequence coding for a rat glia-derived nexin and its homology to members of the serpin superfamily.
Cloning of human and rat ABCA5/Abca5 and detection of a human splice variant.
Characterization of a newly found stretch-activated KCa,ATP channel in cultured chick ventricular myocytes.
Genome-wide expression profiling of the host response to root-knot nematode infection in Arabidopsis.
Combined structural and functional investigation of a C-3''-ketoreductase involved in the biosynthesis of dTDP-L-digitoxose.
The REIL1 and REIL2 proteins of Arabidopsis thaliana are required for leaf growth in the cold.
Characterization of a novel radiolabeled peptide selective for a subpopulation of voltage-gated potassium channels in mammalian brain.
NAC family proteins NARS1/NAC2 and NARS2/NAM in the outer integument regulate embryogenesis in Arabidopsis.
Identification of the tRNA-dihydrouridine synthase family.
Diazepam and rolipram differentially inhibit cyclic AMP-specific phosphodiesterases PDE4A1 and PDE4B3 in the mouse.
Molecular cloning and differential expression of the maize ferredoxin gene family.
Expression of multiple membrane-associated phospholipase A1 beta transcript variants and lysophosphatidic acid receptors in Ewing tumor cells.
Naja haje haje (Egyptian cobra) venom. Some properties and the complete primary structure of three toxins (CM-2, CM-11 and CM-12).
Human poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase is expressed in alternative splice variants yielding isoforms that localize to different cell compartments.
Isolation and characterization of the human D-glyceric acidemia related glycerate kinase gene GLYCTK1 and its alternatively splicing variant GLYCTK2.
Mutations in a polycistronic nuclear gene associated with molybdenum cofactor deficiency.
The neuron-restrictive silencer factor (NRSF): a coordinate repressor of multiple neuron-specific genes.
Gene defect in ectodermal dysplasia implicates a death domain adapter in development.
Mitoguardin Regulates Mitochondrial Fusion through MitoPLD and Is Required for Neuronal Homeostasis.
Molecular cloning and ultrastructural localization of the core protein of an eggshell matrix proteoglycan, ovocleidin-116.
Early embryonic lethality caused by targeted disruption of the mouse PHGPx gene.
Histoplasma requires SID1, a member of an iron-regulated siderophore gene cluster, for host colonization.
The E2F family of transcription factors from Arabidopsis thaliana. Novel and conserved components of the retinoblastoma/E2F pathway in plants.
A nucleolar mechanism controlling cell proliferation in stem cells and cancer cells.
The keratin BIIIB gene family: isolation of cDNA clones and structure of a gene and a related pseudogene.
4-Hydroxyphenylacetate decarboxylases: properties of a novel subclass of glycyl radical enzyme systems.
Csm, a cardiac-specific isoform of the RNA helicase Mov10l1, is regulated by Nkx2.5 in embryonic heart.
Lipoprotein LprI of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Acts as a Lysozyme Inhibitor.
Three novel subunits of Arabidopsis chloroplastic NAD(P)H dehydrogenase identified by bioinformatic and reverse genetic approaches.
An aflatoxin biosynthesis cluster gene encodes a novel oxidase required for conversion of versicolorin a to sterigmatocystin.
MISC-1/OGC links mitochondrial metabolism, apoptosis and insulin secretion.
A new isoform of interleukin-3 receptor {alpha} with novel differentiation activity and high affinity binding mode.
Distinct functions of homeodomain-containing and homeodomain-less isoforms encoded by homothorax.
dlarp, a new candidate Hox target in Drosophila whose orthologue in mouse is expressed at sites of epithelium/mesenchymal interactions.
Differential exon usage involving an unusual splicing mechanism generates at least eight types of NCAM cDNA in mouse brain.
Structural diversity in echinocandin biosynthesis: the impact of oxidation steps and approaches toward an evolutionary explanation.
Intergenic splicing of MDS1 and EVI1 occurs in normal tissues as well as in myeloid leukemia and produces a new member of the PR domain family.
The VP16 accessory protein HCF is a family of polypeptides processed from a large precursor protein.
Characterization of two evolutionarily conserved, alternatively spliced nuclear phosphoproteins, NFAR-1 and -2, that function in mRNA processing and interact with the double-stranded RNA-dependent protein kinase, PKR.
Lipodystrophy in the fld mouse results from mutation of a new gene encoding a nuclear protein, lipin.
Unexpected divergence of enzyme function and sequence: "N-acylamino acid racemase" is o-succinylbenzoate synthase.
Differential agonist sensitivity of glycine receptor alpha2 subunit splice variants.
A novel Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK)-binding protein that enhances the activation of JNK by MEK kinase 1 and TGF-beta-activated kinase 1.
Characterization of the origin recognition complex (ORC) from a higher plant, rice (Oryza sativa L.).
HOT1 is a mammalian direct telomere repeat-binding protein contributing to telomerase recruitment.
Mouse emi1 has an essential function in mitotic progression during early embryogenesis.
A large-scale screen in S. pombe identifies seven novel genes required for critical meiotic events.
MAIGO2 is involved in abscisic acid-mediated response to abiotic stresses and Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport.
Accurate prediction of secondary metabolite gene clusters in filamentous fungi.
ATP- and NAD+-dependent DNA ligases share an essential function in the halophilic archaeon Haloferax volcanii.
The retinoblastoma protein associates with the protein phosphatase type 1 catalytic subunit.
The topology of the cardiac Na⁺/Ca²⁺ exchanger, NCX1.
The molecular diversity of toxin gene families in lethal Amanita mushrooms.
cDNA sequence, map, and expression of the murine homolog of GTBP, a DNA mismatch repair gene.
Multiple hok genes on the chromosome of Escherichia coli.
Direct nuclear magnetic resonance observation of odorant binding to mouse odorant receptor MOR244-3.
Localization of eight additional genes in the human major histocompatibility complex, including the gene encoding the casein kinase II beta subunit (CSNK2B).
RD19, an Arabidopsis cysteine protease required for RRS1-R-mediated resistance, is relocalized to the nucleus by the Ralstonia solanacearum PopP2 effector.
A New Determinant of <i>Candida glabrata</i> Virulence: The Acetate Exporter CgDtr1.
Purification and Properties of a Malolactic Enzyme from a Strain of Leuconostoc mesenteroides Isolated from Grapes.
Dorsal, an embryonic polarity gene in Drosophila, is homologous to the vertebrate proto-oncogene, c-rel.
Identification of an archaeal 2-hydroxy acid dehydrogenase catalyzing reactions involved in coenzyme biosynthesis in methanoarchaea.
The bifunctional role of LiuE from Pseudomonas aeruginosa, displays additionally HIHG-CoA lyase enzymatic activity.
Partial maturation: an immune-evasion strategy of dengue virus?
RF2a, a bZIP transcriptional activator of the phloem-specific rice tungro bacilliform virus promoter, functions in vascular development.
Identification and Characterization of a Putative Manganese Export Protein in Vibrio cholerae.
Nomenclature of the human immunoglobulin lambda (IGL) genes.
A new 5'-non-coding region for human placental insulin-like growth factor II mRNA expression.
Diversity of the superfamily of phloem lectins (phloem protein 2) in angiosperms.
Intracellular localization of differentially regulated RNA-specific adenosine deaminase isoforms in inflammation.
A mouse model of sitosterolemia: absence of Abcg8/sterolin-2 results in failure to secrete biliary cholesterol.
Characterization of alpha-neurotoxin and phospholipase A2 activities from Micrurus venoms. Determination of the amino acid sequence and receptor-binding ability of the major alpha-neurotoxin from Micrurus nigrocinctus nigrocinctus.
Isolation and characterization of a putative transducer of endoplasmic reticulum stress in Oryza sativa.
A survey of nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes in Aspergillus nidulans.
A proteasome-related gene between the two ABC transporter loci in the class II region of the human MHC.
Multiple potassium-channel components are produced by alternative splicing at the Shaker locus in Drosophila.
NAA80 is actin's N-terminal acetyltransferase and regulates cytoskeleton assembly and cell motility.
Sequence and genetic organization of a Zymomonas mobilis gene cluster that encodes several enzymes of glucose metabolism.
Isolation of an ubiquitously expressed cDNA encoding human dynamin II, a member of the large GTP-binding protein family.
Ctk: a protein-tyrosine kinase related to Csk that defines an enzyme family.
Cloning and characterization of three human cDNAs encoding mRNA (guanine-7-)-methyltransferase, an mRNA cap methylase.
Functional Annotation of a Presumed Nitronate Monoxygenase Reveals a New Class of NADH:Quinone Reductases.
A General Strategy for the Discovery of Metabolic Pathways: d-Threitol, l-Threitol, and Erythritol Utilization in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Polymorphisms of the hepatitis A virus cellular receptor 1 in African green monkey kidney cells result in antigenic variants that do not react with protective monoclonal antibody 190/4.
The family of toxin-related ecto-ADP-ribosyltransferases in humans and the mouse.
Isolation and characterization of a human cDNA for mRNA 5'-capping enzyme.
Mutants of Escherichia coli specifically deficient in respiratory formate dehydrogenase activity.
Identification of a 12-gene Fusaric Acid Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Fusarium Species Through Comparative and Functional Genomics.
Matrix metalloproteinase homologues from Arabidopsis thaliana. Expression and activity.
Identification of a second group of type I IFNs in fish sheds light on IFN evolution in vertebrates.
Inflorescence deficient in abscission controls floral organ abscission in Arabidopsis and identifies a novel family of putative ligands in plants.
IBR3, a novel peroxisomal acyl-CoA dehydrogenase-like protein required for indole-3-butyric acid response.
The rotunda2 mutants identify a role for the LEUNIG gene in vegetative leaf morphogenesis.
GDNF is expressed in two forms in many tissues outside the CNS.
Identification of mutations in the genes for the pollen allergens of eastern red cedar (Juniperus virginiana).
A novel nucleic acid helicase gene identified by promoter trapping in Arabidopsis.
erg, a human ets-related gene on chromosome 21: alternative splicing, polyadenylation, and translation.
Structure and action of a C-C bond cleaving alpha/beta-hydrolase involved in nicotine degradation.
Jedi--a novel transmembrane protein expressed in early hematopoietic cells.
ADP-ribosylhydrolase 3 (ARH3), not poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase (PARG) isoforms, is responsible for degradation of mitochondrial matrix-associated poly(ADP-ribose).
Metabolism of dibenzothiophene and naphthalene in Pseudomonas strains: complete DNA sequence of an upper naphthalene catabolic pathway.
Characterization of ABCB9, an ATP binding cassette protein associated with lysosomes.
Characterization of hydroxycinnamoyltransferase from rice and its application for biological synthesis of hydroxycinnamoyl glycerols.
Distribution and functions of kinectin isoforms.
Characterization of four toxins from Buthus martensi scorpion venom, which act on apamin-sensitive Ca2+-activated K+ channels.
Non-disulfide-bridged peptides from Tityus serrulatus venom: Evidence for proline-free ACE-inhibitors.
In Salmonella enterica, the Gcn5-related acetyltransferase MddA (formerly YncA) acetylates methionine sulfoximine and methionine sulfone, blocking their toxic effects.
Cooperative roles of vertebrate Fbh1 and Blm DNA helicases in avoidance of crossovers during recombination initiated by replication fork collapse.
Stomagen positively regulates stomatal density in Arabidopsis.
Cell cycle control by a complex of the cyclin HCS26 (PCL1) and the kinase PHO85.
Formyl migration product of chanoclavine-I aldehyde in the presence of the old yellow enzyme FgaOx3 from Aspergillus fumigatus: a NMR structure elucidation.
A family of RIM-binding proteins regulated by alternative splicing: Implications for the genesis of synaptic active zones.
A novel PDZ protein regulates the activity of guanylyl cyclase C, the heat-stable enterotoxin receptor.
Age-related changes in the content of the C-terminal region of aggrecan in human articular cartilage.
The auxin-responsive GH3 gene family in rice (Oryza sativa).
The entD gene of the Escherichia coli K12 enterobactin gene cluster.
The structure and binding mode of interleukin-18.
Ribosome hibernation factor promotes Staphylococcal survival and differentially represses translation.
Salmo salar and Esox lucius full-length cDNA sequences reveal changes in evolutionary pressures on a post-tetraploidization genome.
Three-dimensional solution structure of the sodium channel agonist/antagonist delta-conotoxin TxVIA.
Galactan biosynthesis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Identification of a bifunctional UDP-galactofuranosyltransferase.
Two Bacillus beta-mannanases having different COOH termini are produced in Escherichia coli carrying pMAH5.
A novel isoform of rat hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 (HNF-4).
Diversification of Drosophila chloride channel gene by multiple posttranscriptional mRNA modifications.
Isolation of a human cDNA for alpha 2-thiol proteinase inhibitor and its identity with low molecular weight kininogen.
Novel nuclear export signal-interacting protein, NESI, critical for the assembly of hepatitis delta virus.
Identification of six subunits constituting Na+-translocating NADH-quinone reductase from the marine Vibrio alginolyticus.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a Drosophila p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
Cracking the egg: molecular dynamics and evolutionary aspects of the transition from the fully grown oocyte to embryo.
3-hydroxypropionyl-coenzyme A dehydratase and acryloyl-coenzyme A reductase, enzymes of the autotrophic 3-hydroxypropionate/4-hydroxybutyrate cycle in the Sulfolobales.
Treatment of amatoxin poisoning: 20-year retrospective analysis.
Purification, characterization, structural analysis and protein chemistry of a buffalo heart galectin-1.
The Drosophila neurogenic gene neuralized encodes a novel protein and is expressed in precursors of larval and adult neurons.
A QTL for rice grain width and weight encodes a previously unknown RING-type E3 ubiquitin ligase.
Identification of NTF2, a cytosolic factor for nuclear import that interacts with nuclear pore complex protein p62.
Characterization of anther-expressed genes encoding a major class of extracellular oleosin-like proteins in the pollen coat of Brassicaceae.
A unique plant ESCRT component, FREE1, regulates multivesicular body protein sorting and plant growth.
GCP-WD mediates γ-TuRC recruitment and the geometry of microtubule nucleation in interphase arrays of Arabidopsis.
Identification of a novel, alternatively spliced isoform and single nucleotide polymorphisms in the murine Pea-15 gene.
Mutations in EFHC1 cause juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Transcriptome analysis of human gastric cancer.
MLK3 is required for mitogen activation of B-Raf, ERK and cell proliferation.
HSP90 and its R2TP/Prefoldin-like cochaperone are involved in the cytoplasmic assembly of RNA polymerase II.
Crystal structure of the molybdate binding protein ModA.
Large-scale sequencing in human chromosome 12p13: experimental and computational gene structure determination.
An alternately spliced mRNA encoding functional domains of murine MAdCAM-1.
Regulation of arabidopsis flowering by the histone mark readers MRG1/2 via interaction with CONSTANS to modulate FT expression.
FRAGILE FIBER3, an Arabidopsis gene encoding a type II inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase, is required for secondary wall synthesis and actin organization in fiber cells.
Lack of conventional oxygen-linked proton and anion binding sites does not impair allosteric regulation of oxygen binding in dwarf caiman hemoglobin.
Identification of a novel nutrient-deprivation-induced Sinorhizobium meliloti gene (hmgA) involved in the degradation of tyrosine.
Expression, crystallization and activities of the two family 11 aldo-keto reductases from Bacillus subtilis.
m2-toxin: A selective ligand for M2 muscarinic receptors.
The ltk receptor tyrosine kinase is expressed in pre-B lymphocytes and cerebral neurons and uses a non-AUG translational initiator.
Activation of the Erk8 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase by RET/PTC3, a constitutively active form of the RET proto-oncogene.
HapX Mediates Iron Homeostasis in the Pathogenic Dermatophyte Arthroderma benhamiae but Is Dispensable for Virulence.
Synergic effects between ocellatin-F1 and bufotenine on the inhibition of BHK-21 cellular infection by the rabies virus.
The methylcitric acid pathway in Ralstonia eutropha: new genes identified involved in propionate metabolism.
Complete nucleotide sequence of the fumarase gene fumA, of Escherichia coli.
Hinderin, a five-domains protein including coiled-coil motifs that binds to SMC3.
Complementation of sugary-1 phenotype in rice endosperm with the wheat isoamylase1 gene supports a direct role for isoamylase1 in amylopectin biosynthesis.
The N-DRC forms a conserved biochemical complex that maintains outer doublet alignment and limits microtubule sliding in motile axonemes.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XXI. The complete sequences of 60 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins.
XBP1 mRNA is induced by ATF6 and spliced by IRE1 in response to ER stress to produce a highly active transcription factor.
The Evolution of Fangs, Venom, and Mimicry Systems in Blenny Fishes.
Novel anchorage of GluR2/3 to the postsynaptic density by the AMPA receptor-binding protein ABP.
Cloning and nucleotide sequences of genes relevant for biosynthesis of poly(3-hydroxybutyric acid) in Chromatium vinosum strain D.
Genes and enzymes of the acetyl cycle of arginine biosynthesis in the extreme thermophilic bacterium Thermus thermophilus HB27.
LILRB1 polymorphism and surface phenotypes of natural killer cells.
Functional analysis of rice NPR1-like genes reveals that OsNPR1/NH1 is the rice orthologue conferring disease resistance with enhanced herbivore susceptibility.
GM130 Regulates Golgi-Derived Spindle Assembly by Activating TPX2 and Capturing Microtubules.
Physically discrete beta-lactamase-type thioesterase catalyzes product release in atrochrysone synthesis by iterative type I polyketide synthase.
Identification of omentin as a novel depot-specific adipokine in human adipose tissue: possible role in modulating insulin action.
Proteomic analysis of interactors for yeast protein arginine methyltransferase Hmt1 reveals novel substrate and insights into additional biological roles.
Activity-dependent expression of Lmx1b regulates specification of serotonergic neurons modulating swimming behavior.
The EGL-3 proprotein convertase regulates mechanosensory responses of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Guanine glycation repair by DJ-1/Park7 and its bacterial homologs.
Ubiquitin lysine 63 chain forming ligases regulate apical dominance in Arabidopsis.
Identification and characterization of a novel bovine oocyte-specific secreted protein gene.
The ACR11 encodes a novel type of chloroplastic ACT domain repeat protein that is coordinately expressed with GLN2 in Arabidopsis.
The phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase of Mycobacterium tuberculosis induces strong cell-mediated immune responses in mice.
Genomic organization, expression, and comparative analysis of noncoding region of the rat Ndrg4 gene.
Bacteriophage PRD1 DNA entry uses a viral membrane-associated transglycosylase activity.
Structural basis for antifreeze activity of ice-binding protein from arctic yeast.
The carrot secreted glycoprotein gene EP1 is expressed in the epidermis and has sequence homology to Brassica S-locus glycoproteins.
De novo mass spectrometry sequencing and characterization of species-specific peptides from nucleoside diphosphate kinase B for the classification of commercial fish species belonging to the family Merlucciidae.
Serological identification of immunogenic antigens in acute monocytic leukemia.
Effect of RF-amide-related peptide-3 on luteinizing hormone and follicle-stimulating hormone synthesis and secretion in ovine pituitary gonadotropes.
Glycogen branching enzyme (GBE1) mutation causing equine glycogen storage disease IV.
Functional roles of FgLaeA in controlling secondary metabolism, sexual development, and virulence in Fusarium graminearum.
Disulfide-containing peptides from the glandular skin secretions of froglets of the genus Crinia: structure, activity and evolutionary trends.
A founder mutation in Artemis, an SNM1-like protein, causes SCID in Athabascan-speaking Native Americans.
Functional analysis of a mitochondrial phosphopantetheinyl transferase (PPTase) gene pptB in Aspergillus fumigatus.
The Chlamydomonas genome reveals the evolution of key animal and plant functions.
Neu differentiation factor: a transmembrane glycoprotein containing an EGF domain and an immunoglobulin homology unit.
A novel Drosophila mitochondrial carrier protein acts as a Mg(2+) exporter in fine-tuning mitochondrial Mg(2+) homeostasis.
Localization and expression of EDS5H a homologue of the SA transporter EDS5.
A novel nuclear-encoded protein, NDH-dependent cyclic electron flow 5, is essential for the accumulation of chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complexes.
Characterization of the polyketide synthase gene (pksL1) required for aflatoxin biosynthesis in Aspergillus parasiticus.
Isolation and expression of five-amino-acid-deleted variant of feline hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) cDNA.
Characterization and cloning of a novel glycoprotein expressed by stromal cells in T-dependent areas of peripheral lymphoid tissues.
Novel pathway for arsenic detoxification in the legume symbiont Sinorhizobium meliloti.
Nucleotide sequence of the aceB gene encoding malate synthase A in Escherichia coli.
A deduced gene product from the Drosophila neurogenic locus, enhancer of split, shows homology to mammalian G-protein beta subunit.
The structure of RdDddP from Roseobacter denitrificans reveals that DMSP lyases in the DddP-family are metalloenzymes.
LytB1 and LytB2 of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Are Not Genetically Redundant.
The cysteine dioxygenase homologue from Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a 3-mercaptopropionate dioxygenase.
Identification of beta-cell-specific insulin gene transcription factor RIPE3b1 as mammalian MafA.
The Drosophila rolled locus encodes a MAP kinase required in the sevenless signal transduction pathway.
Human T-cell mitogen-activated protein kinase kinases are related to yeast signal transduction kinases.
Alternative splicing generates isoforms of human neuron-derived orphan receptor-1 (NOR-1) mRNA.
A conserved p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway regulates Drosophila immunity gene expression.
A novel ML protein from Manduca sexta may function as a key accessory protein for lipopolysaccharide signaling.
Overexpression of IRM1 enhances resistance to aphids in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Autocatalytic maturation of the Tat-dependent halophilic subtilase Nep produced by the archaeon Natrialba magadii.
Molecular analysis of a novel glutamine synthetase of the anaerobe Bacteroides fragilis.
Characterization of tissue-specific LIM domain protein (FHL1C) which is an alternatively spliced isoform of a human LIM-only protein (FHL1).
Revisiting cangitoxin, a sea anemone peptide: purification and characterization of cangitoxins II and III from the venom of Bunodosoma cangicum.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Cellulolytic Fungus Chaetomium globosum.
Identification and manipulation of the pleuromutilin gene cluster from Clitopilus passeckerianus for increased rapid antibiotic production.
The DFer gene of Drosophila melanogaster encodes two membrane-associated proteins that can both transform vertebrate cells.
Native promoter strategy for high-yielding synthesis and engineering of fungal secondary metabolites.
Trivalent recognition unit of innate immunity system: crystal structure of trimeric human M-ficolin fibrinogen-like domain.
Function and structure of a prokaryotic formylglycine-generating enzyme.
Characterization of recombinant long-chain rat acyl-CoA synthetase isoforms 3 and 6: identification of a novel variant of isoform 6.
Identification and expression of Go1 and Go2 alpha-subunit transcripts in human myometrium in relation to pregnancy.
Cloning of the Pseudomonas glumae lipase gene and determination of the active site residues.
The 53BP1 homolog in C. elegans influences DNA repair and promotes apoptosis in response to ionizing radiation.
PDE4B5, a novel, super-short, brain-specific cAMP phosphodiesterase-4 variant whose isoform-specifying N-terminal region is identical to that of cAMP phosphodiesterase-4D6 (PDE4D6).
Rat G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK4: identification, functional expression, and differential tissue distribution of two splice variants.
Nicastrin modulates presenilin-mediated notch/glp-1 signal transduction and betaAPP processing.
Cloning and expression of a novel human brain Na+ channel.
Molecular cloning, characterization, and function analysis of a mevalonate pyrophosphate decarboxylase gene from Ganoderma lucidum.
Pericentric heterochromatin reprogramming by new histone variants during mouse spermiogenesis.
Ltc1 is an ER-localized sterol transporter and a component of ER-mitochondria and ER-vacuole contacts.
Identification of the missing links in prokaryotic pentose oxidation pathways: evidence for enzyme recruitment.
Herpes simplex virus 1 regulatory protein ICP22 interacts with a new cell cycle-regulated factor and accumulates in a cell cycle-dependent fashion in infected cells.
Clustered pathway genes in aflatoxin biosynthesis.
Induced ectopic expression of HigB toxin in Mycobacterium tuberculosis results in growth inhibition, reduced abundance of a subset of mRNAs and cleavage of tmRNA.
MCL-1V, a novel mouse antiapoptotic MCL-1 variant, generated by RNA splicing at a non-canonical splicing pair.
Genome evolution in yeasts.
Biosynthesis of pteridines in Escherichia coli. Structural and mechanistic similarity of dihydroneopterin-triphosphate epimerase and dihydroneopterin aldolase.
The Arabidopsis sugar-insensitive mutants sis4 and sis5 are defective in abscisic acid synthesis and response.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence of the gcv operon encoding the Escherichia coli glycine-cleavage system.
KCNE1-like gene is deleted in AMME contiguous gene syndrome: identification and characterization of the human and mouse homologs.
The astacin protein family in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A plant DNA ligase is an important determinant of seed longevity.
Insights into corn genes derived from large-scale cDNA sequencing.
Cloning and characterization of two splice variants of human phosphodiesterase 11A.
A bimodular oxidoreductase mediates the specific reduction of phylloquinone (vitamin K₁) in chloroplasts.
cDNA heterogeneity suggests structural variants related to the high-affinity IgE receptor.
A unique cis-3-hydroxy-l-proline dehydratase in the enolase superfamily.
Role of the JIP4 scaffold protein in the regulation of mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathways.
Characterization of an inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate 5/6-kinase gene that is essential for drought and salt stress responses in rice.
Functional characterization of Musca glutamate- and GABA-gated chloride channels expressed independently and coexpressed in Xenopus oocytes.
Plant-specific protein MCD1 determines the site of chloroplast division in concert with bacteria-derived MinD.
Species specificity in major urinary proteins by parallel evolution.
Mcp1 and Mcp2, two novel proteins involved in mitochondrial lipid homeostasis.
Olfactomedin-1 Has a V-shaped Disulfide-linked Tetrameric Structure.
A human homologue of the Drosophila melanogaster sluggish-A (proline oxidase) gene maps to 22q11.2, and is a candidate gene for type-I hyperprolinaemia.
Cloning and characterization of a norbelladine 4'-O-methyltransferase involved in the biosynthesis of the Alzheimer's drug galanthamine in Narcissus sp. aff. pseudonarcissus.
Molecular characterization and chromosomal localization of DRT (EPHT3): a developmentally regulated human protein-tyrosine kinase gene of the EPH family.
Functional annotation and structural characterization of a novel lactonase hydrolyzing D-xylono-1,4-lactone-5-phosphate and L-arabino-1,4-lactone-5-phosphate.
The acarbose-biosynthetic enzyme AcbO from Actinoplanes sp. SE 50/110 is a 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone-7-phosphate 2-epimerase.
Mouse lymph node homing receptor cDNA clone encodes a glycoprotein revealing tandem interaction domains.
Identification and characterization of nonmuscle myosin II-C, a new member of the myosin II family.
Intrinsic resistance of Mycobacterium smegmatis to fluoroquinolones may be influenced by new pentapeptide protein MfpA.
SPAP2, an Ig family receptor containing both ITIMs and ITAMs.
Cloning and characterization of a novel G protein beta-subunit of pearl oyster (Pinctada fucata), and its interaction sites with calmodulin.
Characterisation of porcine peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors gamma 1 and gamma 2: detection of breed and age differences in gene expression.
Identification of a new tetrameric pyridoxal 4-dehydrogenase as the second enzyme in the degradation pathway for pyridoxine in a nitrogen-fixing symbiotic bacterium, Mesorhizobium loti.
The origin of 8-amino-3,8-dideoxy-D-manno-octulosonic acid (Kdo8N) in the lipopolysaccharide of Shewanella oneidensis.
Cloning and nucleotide sequences of the genes encoding triose phosphate isomerase, phosphoglycerate mutase, and enolase from Bacillus subtilis.
Cloning, sequencing, and expression of two class B endoflagellar genes of Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum encoding the 34.5- and 31.0-kilodalton proteins.
A novel CNS gene required for neuronal migration and involved in X-linked subcortical laminar heterotopia and lissencephaly syndrome.
FUBT, a putative MFS transporter, promotes secretion of fusaric acid in the cotton pathogen Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. vasinfectum.
Lactococcus lactis YfiA is necessary and sufficient for ribosome dimerization.
Human autoantibodies to a novel Golgi protein golgin-67: high similarity with golgin-95/gm 130 autoantigen.
Scorpion venom peptides with no disulfide bridges: a review.
Evolutionary conservation of the immediate-early gene ZENK.
Purification and characterization of isoamyl acetate-hydrolyzing esterase encoded by the IAH1 gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae from a recombinant Escherichia coli.
A huntingtin-associated protein enriched in brain with implications for pathology.
Purification and mutagenesis of LpxL, the lauroyltransferase of Escherichia coli lipid A biosynthesis.
Cloning and sequencing of a 2,5-dichloro-2,5-cyclohexadiene-1,4-diol dehydrogenase gene involved in the degradation of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane in Pseudomonas paucimobilis.
Activation of (R)-2-hydroxyglutaryl-CoA dehydratase from Acidaminococcus fermentans.
The dystrophin / utrophin homologues in Drosophila and in sea urchin.
Isolation of RRM-type RNA-binding protein genes and the analysis of their relatedness by using a numerical approach.
Identification of a novel kinesin-related protein, KRMP1, as a target for mitotic peptidyl-prolyl isomerase Pin1.
Genes for the biosynthesis of the fungal polyketides hypothemycin from Hypomyces subiculosus and radicicol from Pochonia chlamydosporia.
The Drosophila melanogaster developmental gene g1 encodes a variant zinc-finger-motif protein.
Isolation and characterization of the Aspergillus oryzae gene encoding aspergillopepsin O.
Acinus is a caspase-3-activated protein required for apoptotic chromatin condensation.
An alternatively spliced form of the human CD94 gene.
Epilepsy and exacerbation of brain injury in mice lacking the glutamate transporter GLT-1.
Dephosphorylation of human cyclin-dependent kinases by protein phosphatase type 2C alpha and beta 2 isoforms.
Novel stress-responsive genes EMG1 and NOP14 encode conserved, interacting proteins required for 40S ribosome biogenesis.
The fertility restorer gene, Rf2, for Lead Rice-type cytoplasmic male sterility of rice encodes a mitochondrial glycine-rich protein.
LyeTx I, a potent antimicrobial peptide from the venom of the spider Lycosa erythrognatha.
Hematopoietic growth factor inducible neurokinin-1 type: a transmembrane protein that is similar to neurokinin 1 interacts with substance P.
Expression of functional CD32 molecules on human NK cells is determined by an allelic polymorphism of the FcgammaRIIC gene.
The Arabidopsis B-sister MADS-box protein, GORDITA, represses fruit growth and contributes to integument development.
Alternative splicing of the Brn-3a and Brn-3b transcription factor RNAs is regulated in neuronal cells.
The calmodulin-dependent phosphodiesterase gene PDE1C encodes several functionally different splice variants in a tissue-specific manner.
Disruption of Arabidopsis thaliana MYB26 results in male sterility due to non-dehiscent anthers.
Molecular cloning of a pig homologue of membrane cofactor protein (CD46).
Purification and characterization of a novel beta-agarase, AgaA34, from Agarivorans albus YKW-34.
Brain inositol monophosphatase identified as a galactose 1-phosphatase.
mRNA export through an additional cap-binding complex consisting of NCBP1 and NCBP3.
Molecular cloning and expression of a novel human cDNA related to the diazepam binding inhibitor.
A homologue of the calcium-binding disulfide isomerase CaBP1 is expressed in the developing CNS of Drosophila melanogaster.
alpha-Cobratoxin blocks the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor in rat hippocampal neurons.
The nos (nitrous oxide reductase) gene cluster from the soil bacterium Achromobacter cycloclastes: cloning, sequence analysis, and expression.
Cloning and sequencing of the gene cluster encoding two subunits of membrane-bound alcohol dehydrogenase from Acetobacter polyoxogenes.
Cloning and molecular characterization of cDNA encoding a mouse male-enhanced antigen-2 (Mea-2): a putative family of the Golgi autoantigen.
Structural and functional analysis of VQ motif-containing proteins in Arabidopsis as interacting proteins of WRKY transcription factors.
JH8, a gene highly homologous to the mouse jerky gene, maps to the region for childhood absence epilepsy on 8q24.
lynx1, an endogenous toxin-like modulator of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the mammalian CNS.
A synaptic vesicle-associated Ca2+ channel promotes endocytosis and couples exocytosis to endocytosis.
A novel 27 kDa lipoprotein antigen from Mycobacterium bovis.
The ureide-degrading reactions of purine ring catabolism employ three amidohydrolases and one aminohydrolase in Arabidopsis, soybean, and rice.
The cereal pathogen Fusarium pseudograminearum produces a new class of active cytokinins during infection.
Transcriptional regulation of SLURP2, a psoriasis-associated gene, is under control of IL-22 in the skin: A special reference to the nested gene LYNX1.
Conformational Analysis, Thermal Rearrangement, and EI-MS Fragmentation Mechanism of (1(10)E,4E,6S,7R)-Germacradien-6-ol by (13)C-Labeling Experiments.
Human mucin MUC1 RNA undergoes different types of alternative splicing resulting in multiple isoforms.
Isolation of cDNA coding for the placental protein 15 (PP15).
Menaquinone (vitamin K2) biosynthesis: cloning, nucleotide sequence, and expression of the menC gene from Escherichia coli.
Peanut defensins: Novel allergens isolated from lipophilic peanut extract.
MAOHUZI6/ETHYLENE INSENSITIVE3-LIKE1 and ETHYLENE INSENSITIVE3-LIKE2 Regulate Ethylene Response of Roots and Coleoptiles and Negatively Affect Salt Tolerance in Rice.
Human protein N-terminal acetyltransferase hNaa50p (hNAT5/hSAN) follows ordered sequential catalytic mechanism: combined kinetic and NMR study.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of two splice forms of human N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphodiester alpha-N-acetylglucosaminidase.
Betaine acts on a ligand-gated ion channel in the nervous system of the nematode C. elegans.
HapX-mediated adaption to iron starvation is crucial for virulence of Aspergillus fumigatus.
A splice form of polycystin-2, lacking exon 7, does not interact with polycystin-1.
Mechanism of Fe(III)-Zn(II) purple acid phosphatase based on crystal structures.
Plant cysteine oxidases control the oxygen-dependent branch of the N-end-rule pathway.
Linkage of Marfan syndrome and a phenotypically related disorder to two different fibrillin genes.
Prostatic acid phosphatase is not a prostate specific target.
The Drosophila pigmentation gene pink (p) encodes a homologue of human Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 5 (HPS5).
Cloning and functional characterization of a novel mitochondrial N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase (GPAT2).
Cloning and characterization of human estrogen receptor beta isoforms.
Insect Antimicrobial Peptide Complexes Prevent Resistance Development in Bacteria.
Isolation of MEK5 and differential expression of alternatively spliced forms.
Comparative analysis of the conserved functions of Arabidopsis DRL1 and yeast KTI12.
Isolation and structural characterization of Drosophila TDVDHVFLRFamide and FMRFamide-containing neural peptides.
The proteome of Saccharomyces cerevisiae mitochondria.
Characterisation of 3-methylorcinaldehyde synthase (MOS) in Acremonium strictum: first observation of a reductive release mechanism during polyketide biosynthesis.
The Human hydroxyacylglutathione hydrolase (HAGH) gene encodes both cytosolic and mitochondrial forms of glyoxalase II.
Mitochondrial glutathione peroxidase 4 disruption causes male infertility.
Protein phosphatase 2A-SUR-6/B55 regulates centriole duplication in C. elegans by controlling the levels of centriole assembly factors.
Two Arabidopsis AGC kinases are critical for the polarized growth of pollen tubes.
A variant of the alpha 2 subunit of soluble guanylyl cyclase contains an insert homologous to a region within adenylyl cyclases and functions as a dominant negative protein.
Amino acid sequences of cytotoxin-like basic proteins derived from cobra venoms.
Functional Study of Ectodysplasin-A Mutations Causing Non-Syndromic Tooth Agenesis.
Molecular analysis and regulation of the glnA gene of the gram-positive anaerobe Clostridium acetobutylicum.
The cancer-related protein SSX2 interacts with the human homologue of a Ras-like GTPase interactor, RAB3IP, and a novel nuclear protein, SSX2IP.
Human major histocompatibility complex contains genes for the major heat shock protein HSP70.
The UCU1 Arabidopsis gene encodes a SHAGGY/GSK3-like kinase required for cell expansion along the proximodistal axis.
Identification of a rice RNA- and microtubule-binding protein as the multifunctional protein, a peroxisomal enzyme involved in the beta -oxidation of fatty acids.
Molecular and functional characterization of a novel gonadotropin-releasing-hormone receptor isolated from the common octopus (Octopus vulgaris).
Filamin 2 (FLN2): A muscle-specific sarcoglycan interacting protein.
Functional genomics in Dictyostelium: MidA, a new conserved protein, is required for mitochondrial function and development.
HiPER1, a phosphatase of the endoplasmic reticulum with a role in chondrocyte maturation.
The Bradyrhizobium japonicum aconitase gene (acnA) is important for free-living growth but not for an effective root nodule symbiosis.
A complex gene cluster for indole-diterpene biosynthesis in the grass endophyte Neotyphodium lolii.
A novel class of unconventional myosins from Toxoplasma gondii.
Analysis of the murine Hoxa-9 cDNA: an alternatively spliced transcript encodes a truncated protein lacking the homeodomain.
Identification of GTF2IRD1, a putative transcription factor within the Williams-Beuren syndrome deletion at 7q11.23.
Hyperhydroxylation: a new strategy for neuronal targeting by venomous marine molluscs.
Rice early flowering1, a CKI, phosphorylates DELLA protein SLR1 to negatively regulate gibberellin signalling.
Genomic organisation, alternative splicing and primary structure of human matrilin-4.
Unique forms of human and mouse nuclear receptor corepressor SMRT.
The production and characterization of a new active lipase from Acremonium alcalophilum using a plant bioreactor.
Periostin secreted by epithelial ovarian carcinoma is a ligand for alpha(V)beta(3) and alpha(V)beta(5) integrins and promotes cell motility.
Molecular characterization of myoglobin from Sciurus vulgaris meridionalis: Primary structure, kinetics and spectroscopic studies.
Complexity and expression patterns of the desmosomal cadherins.
Characterization of Gicerin/MUC18/CD146 in the rat nervous system.
A receptor-like kinase mutant with absent endodermal diffusion barrier displays selective nutrient homeostasis defects.
Sequence and expression of FoxB2 (XFD-5) and FoxI1c (XFD-10) in Xenopus embryogenesis.
Molecular cloning and characterization of GPA1, a G protein alpha subunit gene from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Ability of a small, basic protein isolated from Russell's viper venom (Daboia russelli russelli) to induce renal tubular necrosis in mice.
Functional Diversification of the Four MARCKS Family Members in Zebrafish Neural Development.
Protein disulfide isomerase A6 controls the decay of IRE1α signaling via disulfide-dependent association.
Xiro-1 controls mesoderm patterning by repressing bmp-4 expression in the Spemann organizer.
A novel fungal omega3-desaturase with wide substrate specificity from arachidonic acid-producing Mortierella alpina 1S-4.
Identification of rice ethylene-response mutants and characterization of MHZ7/OsEIN2 in distinct ethylene response and yield trait regulation.
Identification, cloning, and expression of the Escherichia coli pyrazinamidase and nicotinamidase gene, pncA.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of a human peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A oxidase.
Down-regulation of achaete-scute complex homolog 1 (ASCL1) in neuroblastoma cells induces up-regulation of insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2).
A previously unidentified MECP2 open reading frame defines a new protein isoform relevant to Rett syndrome.
Fasciculins, anticholinesterase toxins from the venom of the green mamba Dendroaspis angusticeps.
Molecular genetics of kinesin light chains: generation of isoforms by alternative splicing.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence of the acid protease-encoding gene (pepA) from Aspergillus oryzae.
35H, a sequence isolated as a protein kinase C binding protein, is a novel member of the adducin family.
A plant-specific subclass of C-terminal kinesins contains a conserved a-type cyclin-dependent kinase site implicated in folding and dimerization.
LysM domain receptor kinases regulating rhizobial Nod factor-induced infection.
cDNA sequence analysis and expression of kappa-bungarotoxin from Taiwan banded krait.
Selective regulation of xSlo splice variants during Xenopus embryogenesis.
Probing the diversity of the Arabidopsis glutathione S-transferase gene family.
Crystal structures of a novel ferric reductase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Archaeoglobus fulgidus and its complex with NADP+.
FfVel1 and FfLae1, components of a velvet-like complex in Fusarium fujikuroi, affect differentiation, secondary metabolism and virulence.
Coordinated Ribosomal L4 Protein Assembly into the Pre-Ribosome Is Regulated by Its Eukaryote-Specific Extension.
Mouse Brn-3 family of POU transcription factors: a new aminoterminal domain is crucial for the oncogenic activity of Brn-3a.
Negative regulation of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 gene expression by a mouse estrogen-enhanced transcript.
PAR3beta, a novel homologue of the cell polarity protein PAR3, localizes to tight junctions.
Association of Krev-1/rap1a with Krit1, a novel ankyrin repeat-containing protein encoded by a gene mapping to 7q21-22.
Rab11-FIP4 is predominantly expressed in neural tissues and involved in proliferation as well as in differentiation during zebrafish retinal development.
Structure-function analysis of 2-keto-3-deoxy-D-glycero-D-galactonononate-9-phosphate phosphatase defines specificity elements in type C0 haloalkanoate dehalogenase family members.
Identification of a new murine lectin-like gene in close proximity to CD94.
Drosophila genome-scale screen for PAN GU kinase substrates identifies Mat89Bb as a cell cycle regulator.
Identification of a myeloid-derived suppressor cell cystatin-like protein that inhibits metastasis.
Sequence and expression of human estrogen receptor complementary DNA.
Structure of an integral membrane sterol reductase from Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum.
A large number of novel Ergtoxin-like genes and ERG K+-channels blocking peptides from scorpions of the genus Centruroides.
Purification and analysis of RTI40, a type I alveolar epithelial cell apical membrane protein.
Novel human homologues of p47phox and p67phox participate in activation of superoxide-producing NADPH oxidases.
OsLEA3-2, an abiotic stress induced gene of rice plays a key role in salt and drought tolerance.
In Vitro Reconstitution of Formylglycine-Generating Enzymes Requires Copper(I).
Role of a Galphai2 protein splice variant in the formation of an intracellular dopamine D2 receptor pool.
Plasmodesmata formation and cell-to-cell transport are reduced in decreased size exclusion limit 1 during embryogenesis in Arabidopsis.
Evidence for an alternative genomic structure, mRNA and protein sequence of human ABCA13.
Isolation of cDNAs encoding a substrate for protein kinase C: nucleotide sequence and chromosomal mapping of the gene for a human 80K protein.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. VII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which can code for large proteins in vitro.
Mutation of the rice Narrow leaf1 gene, which encodes a novel protein, affects vein patterning and polar auxin transport.
Molecular cloning and chromosomal mapping of the human gene for the testis-specific catalytic subunit of calmodulin-dependent protein phosphatase (calcineurin A).
DTH8 suppresses flowering in rice, influencing plant height and yield potential simultaneously.
Mouse Antibody of IgM Class is Prone to Non-Enzymatic Cleavage between CH1 and CH2 Domains.
Distinct physiological functions of thiol peroxidase isoenzymes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Effect of the abortive infection mechanism and type III toxin/antitoxin system AbiQ on the lytic cycle of Lactococcus lactis phages.
Retinoic acid enhances sensitivity of neuroblastoma cells for imatinib mesylate.
Protocadherins: a large family of cadherin-related molecules in central nervous system.
The isolation of a human Ig V lambda gene from a recombinant library of chromosome 22 and estimation of its copy number.
Kiwifruit Act d 11 is the first member of the ripening-related protein family identified as an allergen.
Fructose uptake in Sinorhizobium meliloti is mediated by a high-affinity ATP-binding cassette transport system.
Activation of human eosinophils through leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor 7.
The Fanconi anemia ortholog FANCM ensures ordered homologous recombination in both somatic and meiotic cells in Arabidopsis.
Essential role of a kinesin-like protein in Arabidopsis trichome morphogenesis.
Liver Patt1 deficiency protects male mice from age-associated but not high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Indole-diterpene gene cluster from Aspergillus flavus.
Characterisation of novel plant genes encoding MEKK/STE11 and RAF-related protein kinases.
Gene family encoding the major toxins of lethal Amanita mushrooms.
The transcription factor IDEF1 regulates the response to and tolerance of iron deficiency in plants.
Structural and functional diversity of acidic scorpion potassium channel toxins.
Cloning of a gene encoding a human leukocyte protein characterised by extensive heptad repeats.
Encore is a member of a novel family of proteins and affects multiple processes in Drosophila oogenesis.
2-Carboxyquinoxalines kill mycobacterium tuberculosis through noncovalent inhibition of DprE1.
The delta-subunit of murine guanine nucleotide exchange factor eIF-2B. Characterization of cDNAs predicts isoforms differing at the amino-terminal end.
Ipsdienol dehydrogenase (IDOLDH): a novel oxidoreductase important for Ips pini pheromone production.
The glycerol kinase gene family: structure of the Xp gene, and related intronless retroposons.
Cloning of mesangial cell Na(+)/Ca(2+) exchangers from Dahl/Rapp salt-sensitive/resistant rats.
ATPase family AAA domain-containing 3A is a novel anti-apoptotic factor in lung adenocarcinoma cells.
Increase of Bacillus badius Phenylalanine dehydrogenase specificity towards phenylalanine substrate by site-directed mutagenesis.
Actin dynamics control SRF activity by regulation of its coactivator MAL.
The Mutation of Glu at Amino Acid 3838 of AtMDN1 Provokes Pleiotropic Developmental Phenotypes in Arabidopsis.
Molecular cloning and expression of Ena/Vasp-like (Evl) during Xenopus development.
DELLAs function as coactivators of GAI-ASSOCIATED FACTOR1 in regulation of gibberellin homeostasis and signaling in Arabidopsis.
Escherichia coli ferredoxin NADP+ reductase: activation of E. coli anaerobic ribonucleotide reduction, cloning of the gene (fpr), and overexpression of the protein.
NH2-terminal sequence of the aminoglycoside acetyltransferase (3)-I mediated by plasmid RIP 135.
Aberrant promoter methylation and tumor suppressive activity of the DFNA5 gene in colorectal carcinoma.
A polypeptide toxin in the sea anemone Actinia equina homologous with other sea anemone sodium channel toxins: isolation and amino acid sequence.
Regulation of muscle development by DPF3, a novel histone acetylation and methylation reader of the BAF chromatin remodeling complex.
Purification and characterization of the D-alanyl-D-alanine-adding enzyme from Escherichia coli.
Two redundant octanoyltransferases and one obligatory lipoyl synthase provide protein-lipoylation autonomy to plastids of Arabidopsis.
International Union of Basic and Clinical Pharmacology. XCIV. Adhesion G protein-coupled receptors.
PDZK1 and GREB1 are estrogen-regulated genes expressed in hormone-responsive breast cancer.
Hom s 4, an IgE-reactive autoantigen belonging to a new subfamily of calcium-binding proteins, can induce Th cell type 1-mediated autoreactivity.
Lactation-dependent expression of an mRNA splice variant with an exon for a multiply O-glycosylated domain of mouse milk fat globule glycoprotein MFG-E8.
Signal-induced ubiquitination of IkappaBalpha by the F-box protein Slimb/beta-TrCP.
Computationally driven, quantitative experiments discover genes required for mitochondrial biogenesis.
Identification of two additional translation products from the matrix (M) gene that contribute to vesicular stomatitis virus cytopathology.
A second isoform of 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase found in Caenorhabditis elegans, which is similar to sterol carrier protein x but lacks the sequence of sterol carrier protein 2.
A nitric oxide-inducible lactate dehydrogenase enables Staphylococcus aureus to resist innate immunity.
nhr-25, the Caenorhabditis elegans ortholog of ftz-f1, is required for epidermal and somatic gonad development.
Identification of two prpDBC gene clusters in Corynebacterium glutamicum and their involvement in propionate degradation via the 2-methylcitrate cycle.
High-affinity nitrate transport in roots of Arabidopsis depends on expression of the NAR2-like gene AtNRT3.1.
Characterization and quantification of full-length and truncated Na,K-ATPase alpha 1 and beta 1 RNA transcripts expressed in human retinal pigment epithelium.
A novel subfamily of monomeric inorganic pyrophosphatases in photosynthetic eukaryotes.
Matching NLR Immune Receptors to Autoimmunity in camta3 Mutants Using Antimorphic NLR Alleles.
Laforin, a dual specificity phosphatase that dephosphorylates complex carbohydrates.
Novel tumor antigens identified by autologous antibody screening of childhood medulloblastoma cDNA libraries.
XIdx, a dominant negative regulator of bHLH function in early Xenopus embryos.
Zebrafish Radar: a new member of the TGF-beta superfamily defines dorsal regions of the neural plate and the embryonic retina.
Characterization of a cDNA coding for human factor VII.
Identification of microcephalin, a protein implicated in determining the size of the human brain.
Complete human NF1 cDNA sequence: two alternatively spliced mRNAs and absence of expression in a neuroblastoma line.
Structure of the JmjC-domain-containing protein JMJD5.
Structural and functional properties of lengsin, a pseudo-glutamine synthetase in the transparent human lens.
Characterization of peptides in sea anemone venom collected by a novel procedure.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a second subunit of the interleukin 1 receptor complex.
Amino acid sequence of toxin F, a snake venom toxin that blocks neuronal nicotinic receptors.
A novel transcript overlapping the myelin basic protein gene.
A novel tumour associated leucine zipper protein targeting to sites of gene transcription and splicing.
Development of recombinant methioninase to target the general cancer-specific metabolic defect of methionine dependence: a 40-year odyssey.
Cloning of the rat aortic smooth muscle Na+/Ca2+ exchanger and tissue-specific expression of isoforms.
Beyond aflatoxin: four distinct expression patterns and functional roles associated with Aspergillus flavus secondary metabolism gene clusters.
A novel cDNA transcript expressed in fractionated X-irradiation-induced murine thymomas.
A promiscuous cytochrome P450 aromatic O-demethylase for lignin bioconversion.
Alternative splicing produces transcripts encoding two forms of the alpha subunit of GTP-binding protein Go.
Identification of two putative novel folate receptor genes in humans and mouse.
The Arabidopsis HINKEL gene encodes a kinesin-related protein involved in cytokinesis and is expressed in a cell cycle-dependent manner.
The Atypical MAP Kinase SWIP-13/ERK8 Regulates Dopamine Transporters through a Rho-Dependent Mechanism.
Isolation and analysis of metA, a methionine biosynthetic gene encoding homoserine acetyltransferase in corynebacterium glutamicum.
Timing of events in mitosis.
Biochemical and electrophysiological characterization of two sea anemone type 1 potassium toxins from a geographically distant population of Bunodosoma caissarum.
An inducible propane monooxygenase is responsible for N-nitrosodimethylamine degradation by Rhodococcus sp. strain RHA1.
The human fibroblast growth factor receptor genes: a common structural arrangement underlies the mechanisms for generating receptor forms that differ in their third immunoglobulin domain.
The list of cytoplasmic ribosomal proteins of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two voltage-gated K+ channel cDNAs from human ventricle.
Identification and characterization of a taxon-specific three-finger toxin from the venom of the Green Vinesnake (Oxybelis fulgidus; family Colubridae).
The F factor of Escherichia coli carries a locus of stable plasmid inheritance stm, similar to the parB locus of plasmid RI.
Phosphorylation-mediated regulation of a rice ABA responsive element binding factor.
Lysine and arginine biosyntheses mediated by a common carrier protein in Sulfolobus.
Regulation of the MDM2-P53 pathway and tumor growth by PICT1 via nucleolar RPL11.
Requirement of topoisomerase IV parC and parE genes for cell cycle progression and developmental regulation in Caulobacter crescentus.
An IRE-like AGC kinase gene, MtIRE, has unique expression in the invasion zone of developing root nodules in Medicago truncatula.
Nucleotide sequence of the pbpA gene and characteristics of the deduced amino acid sequence of penicillin-binding protein 2 of Escherichia coli K12.
Alternative RNA splicing of the human endothelin-A receptor generates multiple transcripts.
Genes encoding actin-related proteins of Drosophila melanogaster.
Nup154, a new Drosophila gene essential for male and female gametogenesis is related to the nup155 vertebrate nucleoporin gene.
Expression cloning and periplasmic orientation of the Francisella novicida lipid A 4'-phosphatase LpxF.
The rat FGF-5 mRNA variant generated by alternative splicing encodes a novel truncated form of FGF-5.
Dipeptidyl peptidase IV gene family. The DPIV family.
Nucleotide sequence and characteristics of the gene for L-lactate dehydrogenase of Thermus caldophilus GK24 and the deduced amino-acid sequence of the enzyme.
Lucifensin II, a defensin of medicinal maggots of the blowfly Lucilia cuprina (Diptera: Calliphoridae).
Cloning and expression of murine high molecular mass heat shock proteins, HSP105.
MuLK, a eukaryotic multi-substrate lipid kinase.
Phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase activation is an early response to salicylic acid in Arabidopsis suspension cells.
Wnt pathway components orient a mitotic spindle in the early Caenorhabditis elegans embryo without requiring gene transcription in the responding cell.
An outer arm dynein light chain acts in a conformational switch for flagellar motility.
Deficiency of UDP-GlcNAc:Dolichol Phosphate N-Acetylglucosamine-1 Phosphate Transferase (DPAGT1) causes a novel congenital disorder of Glycosylation Type Ij.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XVI. The complete sequences of 150 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
New subunits NDH-M, -N, and -O, encoded by nuclear genes, are essential for plastid Ndh complex functioning in higher plants.
Structural analysis of Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome 5. X. Sequence features of the regions of 3,076,755 bp covered by sixty P1 and TAC clones.
Identification of the ubiquitin-protein ligase that recognizes oxidized IRP2.
Humoral immune response to mesothelin in mesothelioma and ovarian cancer patients.
Methylation of a phosphatase specifies dephosphorylation and degradation of activated brassinosteroid receptors.
A novel family of Cys-Cys, His-Cys zinc finger transcription factors expressed in developing nervous system and pituitary gland.
Midgut lysozymes of Lucilia sericata - new antimicrobials involved in maggot debridement therapy.
A novel human WD protein, h-beta TrCp, that interacts with HIV-1 Vpu connects CD4 to the ER degradation pathway through an F-box motif.
Composition and mass of the bacteriophage phi29 prohead and virion.
The antituberculosis drug ethionamide is activated by a flavoprotein monooxygenase.
Cloning, sequencing, and expression in Escherichia coli of the gene coding for malate dehydrogenase of the extremely halophilic archaebacterium Haloarcula marismortui.
Benzothiazinones kill Mycobacterium tuberculosis by blocking arabinan synthesis.
Molecular cloning of new human TR2 receptors: a class of steroid receptor with multiple ligand-binding domains.
Human DDB2 splicing variants are dominant negative inhibitors of UV-damaged DNA repair.
A novel, non-redox-regulated NAD-dependent malate dehydrogenase from chloroplasts of Arabidopsis thaliana L.
Identification of a new member of the steroid receptor super-family by cloning and sequence analysis.
Cloning, functional expression and purification of endo-beta-galactosidase from Flavobacterium keratolyticus.
Sequence analysis of the 5' region of the human DF3 breast carcinoma-associated antigen gene.
Multiple genes encoding the conserved CCAAT-box transcription factor complex are expressed in Arabidopsis.
A Drosophila full-length cDNA resource.
IL-1 receptor accessory protein is essential for IL-33-induced activation of T lymphocytes and mast cells.
Cloning and sequencing of beta-mannanase gene from Bacillus subtilis NM-39.
Membrane cofactor protein of the complement system: alternative splicing of serine/threonine/proline-rich exons and cytoplasmic tails produces multiple isoforms that correlate with protein phenotype.
Coenzyme F420-dependent N5,N10-methylenetetrahydromethanopterin reductase (Mer) from Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum strain Marburg. Cloning, sequencing, transcriptional analysis, and functional expression in Escherichia coli of the mer gene.
Two forms of human Inscuteable-related protein that links Par3 to the Pins homologues LGN and AGS3.
Cloning and functional characterization of a fructan 1-exohydrolase (1-FEH) in the cold tolerant Patagonian species Bromus pictus.
Role of the merT and merP gene products of transposon Tn501 in the induction and expression of resistance to mercuric ions.
Epiplakin, a novel member of the Plakin family originally identified as a 450-kDa human epidermal autoantigen. Structure and tissue localization.
The murine G+C-rich promoter binding protein mGPBP is required for promoter-specific transcription.
Molecular definition of a novel human galectin which is immunogenic in patients with Hodgkin's disease.
Molecular evolution and diversification of snake toxin genes, revealed by analysis of intron sequences.
Cloning and characterization of seven cDNAs for hyperosmolarity-responsive (HOR) genes of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
ASAP1, a phospholipid-dependent arf GTPase-activating protein that associates with and is phosphorylated by Src.
Identification of MupP as a New Peptidoglycan Recycling Factor and Antibiotic Resistance Determinant in <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>.
The <i>N</i>-Acetylmuramic Acid 6-Phosphate Phosphatase MupP Completes the <i>Pseudomonas</i> Peptidoglycan Recycling Pathway Leading to Intrinsic Fosfomycin Resistance.
Cloning, expression analysis and chromosomal localization of the human nuclear receptor gene GCNF.
Lipoic acid metabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana: cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding lipoyltransferase.
Human FRAG1 encodes a novel membrane-spanning protein that localizes to chromosome 11p15.5, a region of frequent loss of heterozygosity in cancer.
Molecular cloning of a sixth member of the K+-dependent Na+/Ca2+ exchanger gene family, NCKX6.
Neisseria meningitidis NhhA is a multifunctional trimeric autotransporter adhesin.
MmpL11 protein transports mycolic acid-containing lipids to the mycobacterial cell wall and contributes to biofilm formation in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Completing the series of BVMOs involved in camphor metabolism of Pseudomonas putida NCIMB 10007 by identification of the two missing genes, their functional expression in E. coli, and biochemical characterization.
Monoacylglycerol lipase regulates a fatty acid network that promotes cancer pathogenesis.
Molecular analysis of the molybdate uptake operon, modABCD, of Escherichia coli and modR, a regulatory gene.
Resistance function of rice lipid transfer protein LTP110.
Production, characterization and determination of the real catalytic properties of the putative 'succinate dehydrogenase' from Wolinella succinogenes.
LaeA, a regulator of secondary metabolism in Aspergillus spp.
Identification of an Arabidopsis fatty alcohol:caffeoyl-Coenzyme A acyltransferase required for the synthesis of alkyl hydroxycinnamates in root waxes.
Identification and cloning of two isoforms of human high-temperature requirement factor A3 (HtrA3), characterization of its genomic structure and comparison of its tissue distribution with HtrA1 and HtrA2.
A fifth member of the mammalian G-protein beta-subunit family. Expression in brain and activation of the beta 2 isotype of phospholipase C.
Jasmonic acid regulates spikelet development in rice.
The amino acid sequence of the red kidney bean Fe(III)-Zn(II) purple acid phosphatase. Determination of the amino acid sequence by a combination of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry and automated Edman sequencing.
Characterization of In3Mor, a new integron carrying VIM-1 metallo-beta-lactamase and sat1 gene, from Morganella morganii.
A thermostable metal-tolerant laccase with bioremediation potential from a marine-derived fungus.
In vivo characterization of NcsB3 to establish the complete biosynthesis of the naphthoic acid moiety of the neocarzinostatin chromophore.
Identification of the regulator gene responsible for the acetone-responsive expression of the binuclear iron monooxygenase gene cluster in mycobacteria.
New insights into the structure, assembly and biological roles of 10-12 nm connective tissue microfibrils from fibrillin-1 studies.
The sluggish-A gene of Drosophila melanogaster is expressed in the nervous system and encodes proline oxidase, a mitochondrial enzyme involved in glutamate biosynthesis.
The T complex distorter 2 candidate gene, Dnahc8, encodes at least two testis-specific axonemal dynein heavy chains that differ extensively at their amino and carboxyl termini.
Evidence for direct protein-protein interaction between members of the enterobacterial Hha/YmoA and H-NS families of proteins.
Molecular cloning of a lipolysis-stimulated remnant receptor expressed in the liver.
ABC1K1/PGR6 kinase: a regulatory link between photosynthetic activity and chloroplast metabolism.
Heat and salt stress in the food pathogen Bacillus cereus.
The ubiquitin E3 ligase NOSIP modulates protein phosphatase 2A activity in craniofacial development.
Identification of a hypothetical protein from Podospora anserina as a nitroalkane oxidase.
Oxidase, superoxide dismutase, and hydrogen peroxide reductase activities of methanobactin from types I and II methanotrophs.
SO-3, a new O-superfamily conopeptide derived from Conus striatus, selectively inhibits N-type calcium currents in cultured hippocampal neurons.
The secreted protein discovery initiative (SPDI), a large-scale effort to identify novel human secreted and transmembrane proteins: a bioinformatics assessment.
NADP-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase from the halophilic archaeon Haloferax volcanii: cloning, sequence determination and overexpression in Escherichia coli.
Molecular characterization of oxysterol binding to the Epstein-Barr virus-induced gene 2 (GPR183).
A novel cytoplasmic protein with RNA-binding motifs is an autoantigen in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
Isolation, characterization and molecular cloning of the mannose-binding lectins from leaves and roots of garlic (Allium sativum L.).
A gene at 333 degrees on the Bacillus subtilis chromosome encodes the newly identified sigma B-dependent general stress protein GspA.
Temporal and spatial expression patterns of FoxN genes in Xenopus laevis embryos.
Histidine biosynthesis in plants.
Prototype of an intertwined secondary-metabolite supercluster.
Radial axis differentiation in a globular embryo is marked by HAZ1, a PHD-finger homeobox gene of rice.
A novel mitochondrial outer membrane protein, MOMA-1, that affects cristae morphology in Caenorhabditis elegans.
KQT2, a new putative potassium channel family produced by alternative splicing. Isolation, genomic structure, and alternative splicing of the putative potassium channels.
PCR isolation and cloning of novel splice variant mRNAs from known drug target genes.
Characterisation of human adenylyl cyclase IX reveals inhibition by Ca(2+)/Calcineurin and differential mRNA plyadenylation.
Gene structure of nuclear lamin LIII of Xenopus laevis; a model for the evolution of IF proteins from a lamin-like ancestor.
IL-25 induces IL-4, IL-5, and IL-13 and Th2-associated pathologies in vivo.
LYAR, a novel nucleolar protein with zinc finger DNA-binding motifs, is involved in cell growth regulation.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence of the Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens gene encoding a type III glutamine synthetase.
Newly discovered plant c-myb-like genes rewrite the evolution of the plant myb gene family.
Structure and function of Humicola insolens family 6 cellulases: structure of the endoglucanase, Cel6B, at 1.6 A resolution.
Comparative organization of nitrogen fixation-specific genes from Azotobacter vinelandii and Klebsiella pneumoniae: DNA sequence of the nifUSV genes.
Molecular cloning and domain structure of human myosin-VIIa, the gene product defective in Usher syndrome 1B.
Functional identification of an Arabidopsis snf4 ortholog by screening for heterologous multicopy suppressors of snf4 deficiency in yeast.
HRT gene function requires interaction between a NAC protein and viral capsid protein to confer resistance to turnip crinkle virus.
Role of motility in adherence to and invasion of a fish cell line by Vibrio anguillarum.
CD200 is a ligand for all members of the CD200R family of immunoregulatory molecules.
Overexpression of CR/periphilin downregulates Cdc7 expression and induces S-phase arrest.
Novel members of the human oxysterol-binding protein family bind phospholipids and regulate vesicle transport.
Mucroporin-M1 inhibits hepatitis B virus replication by activating the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and down-regulating HNF4α in vitro and in vivo.
Amino acid sequence of a less-cytotoxic basic polypeptide (LCBP) isolated from the venom of the Indian cobra (Naja naja).
Cloning and sequencing of POU-boxes expressed in Xenopus laevis neurula embryos.
Regulation of a bifunctional mRNA results in synthesis of secreted and nuclear probasin.
In vivo degradation of a transcriptional regulator: the yeast alpha 2 repressor.
A micropeptide encoded by a putative long noncoding RNA regulates muscle performance.
PGL proteins self associate and bind RNPs to mediate germ granule assembly in C. elegans.
Differential expression of CaMK-II genes during early zebrafish embryogenesis.
Molecular basis of allosteric activation of bacterial L-lactate dehydrogenase.
Phosphoproteomic identification of targets of the Arabidopsis sucrose nonfermenting-like kinase SnRK2.8 reveals a connection to metabolic processes.
A new thiamin salvage pathway.
Structure of a molluscan cardioexcitatory neuropeptide.
Regulated SUMOylation and ubiquitination of DdMEK1 is required for proper chemotaxis.
Structure and Function of Fusicoccadiene Synthase, a Hexameric Bifunctional Diterpene Synthase.
Cloning, expression, and functional characterization of the rat Pax6 5a orthologous splicing variant.
Interaction of apolipoprotein J-amyloid beta-peptide complex with low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-2/megalin. A mechanism to prevent pathological accumulation of amyloid beta-peptide.
Identification of the last unknown genes in the fermentation pathway of lysine.
Molecular cloning, expression, and characterization of a thermostable glutamate racemase from a hyperthermophilic bacterium, Aquifex pyrophilus.
Primary structure and functional expression of the Na/Ca,K-exchanger from bovine rod photoreceptors.
Alternatively spliced products CC3 and TC3 have opposing effects on apoptosis.
Drosophila lola encodes a family of BTB-transcription regulators with highly variable C-terminal domains containing zinc finger motifs.
Purification, characterization and cytotoxicity of malanin, a novel plant toxin from the seeds of Malania oleifera.
RED AND FAR-RED INSENSITIVE 2, a RING-domain zinc finger protein, mediates phytochrome-controlled seedling deetiolation responses.
The human herpesvirus 6 U100 gene product is the third component of the gH-gL glycoprotein complex on the viral envelope.
Functional annotation of a full-length Arabidopsis cDNA collection.
Physical characterisation of the Escherichia coli B gene encoding nitroreductase and its over-expression in Escherichia coli K12.
The maternal CCAAT box transcription factor which controls GATA-2 expression is novel and developmentally regulated and contains a double-stranded-RNA-binding subunit.
Core histones and HIRIP3, a novel histone-binding protein, directly interact with WD repeat protein HIRA.
The Pneumocystis carinii drug target S-adenosyl-L-methionine:sterol C-24 methyl transferase has a unique substrate preference.
The role of OsMSH5 in crossover formation during rice meiosis.
The C. elegans eyes absent ortholog EYA-1 is required for tissue differentiation and plays partially redundant roles with PAX-6.
Nucleotide sequence of the human MHC class I MICA gene.
Pathogen-Related Yeast (PRY) proteins and members of the CAP superfamily are secreted sterol-binding proteins.
Expression cloning of a rat testicular transcript abundant in germ cells, which contains two leucine zipper motifs.
NADPH oxidase-mediated redox signaling promotes oxidative stress resistance and longevity through <i>memo-1</i> in <i>C. elegans</i>.
Identification of a novel pathogen-induced gene encoding a leucine-rich repeat protein expressed in phloem cells of Capsicum annuum.
Cloning and expression of two human p70 S6 kinase polypeptides differing only at their amino termini.
Arabidopsis Rad51B is important for double-strand DNA breaks repair in somatic cells.
Species and tissue differences in the expression of DPPY splicing variants.
Isolation and characterization of copia-type retrotransposons in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Genome divergence in two Prochlorococcus ecotypes reflects oceanic niche differentiation.
Negative charge at amino acid 149 is the molecular determinant for substrate specificity of lecithin: cholesterol acyltransferase for phosphatidylcholine containing 20-carbon sn-2 fatty acyl chains.
Complexity and species variation of the kidney-type glutaminase gene.
A nine-nucleotide deletion and splice variation in the coding region of the interferon induced ISG12 gene.
LATERAL ORGAN FUSION1 and LATERAL ORGAN FUSION2 function in lateral organ separation and axillary meristem formation in Arabidopsis.
The profilin multigene family of maize: differential expression of three isoforms.
Genomic distribution of B-vitamin auxotrophy and uptake transporters in environmental bacteria from the Chloroflexi phylum.
Purification and cDNA cloning of LaIT2, a novel insecticidal toxin from venom of the scorpion Liocheles australasiae.
Identification of reggie-1 and reggie-2 as plasmamembrane-associated proteins which cocluster with activated GPI-anchored cell adhesion molecules in non-caveolar micropatches in neurons.
RACK1 mediates multiple hormone responsiveness and developmental processes in Arabidopsis.
A novel isoform of rat estrogen receptor beta with 18 amino acid insertion in the ligand binding domain as a putative dominant negative regular of estrogen action.
Characterization of the Escherichia coli K12 gltS glutamate permease gene.
Enzymatic characteristics of an aldo-keto reductase family protein (AKR1C15) and its localization in rat tissues.
An evolutionary conserved group of plant GSK-3/shaggy-like protein kinase genes preferentially expressed in developing pollen.
A thiolase of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is required for virulence and production of androstenedione and androstadienedione from cholesterol.
Clustering of activating mutations in c-KIT's juxtamembrane coding region in canine mast cell neoplasms.
Backbone and sidechain 1H, 13C and 15N resonance assignments of the Bright/ARID domain from the human JARID1C (SMCX) protein.
A novel Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase and a male germ cell-specific calmodulin-binding protein are derived from the same gene.
Developmental expression and nutritional regulation of a zebrafish gene homologous to mammalian microsomal triglyceride transfer protein large subunit.
A role for GPN-loop GTPase yGPN1 in sister chromatid cohesion.
Sequence finishing and gene mapping for Candida albicans chromosome 7 and syntenic analysis against the Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome.
Recombinant expression and characterization of a reducing-end xylose-releasing exo-oligoxylanase from Bifidobacterium adolescentis.
A rat homologue of CED-6 is expressed in neurons and interacts with clathrin.
First tryptophan-containing weak neurotoxin from cobra venom.
MAPK-15 is a ciliary protein required for PKD-2 localization and male mating behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Early elicitor induction in members of a novel multigene family coding for highly related RING-H2 proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of juvenile hormone epoxide hydrolase from the silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Insight into the genome of Aspergillus fumigatus: analysis of a 922 kb region encompassing the nitrate assimilation gene cluster.
A novel antimicrobial peptide from skin secretions of the earthworm, Pheretima guillelmi (Michaelsen).
Molecular cloning, functional expression, and pharmacological characterization of 5-hydroxytryptamine3 receptor cDNA and its splice variants from guinea pig.
Using directed evolution to probe the substrate specificity of mandelamide hydrolase.
Murine A-myb: evidence for differential splicing and tissue-specific expression.
nmt1 of fission yeast. A highly transcribed gene completely repressed by thiamine.
ATG2, an autophagy-related protein, negatively affects powdery mildew resistance and mildew-induced cell death in Arabidopsis.
orco Mutagenesis Causes Loss of Antennal Lobe Glomeruli and Impaired Social Behavior in Ants.
[Isolation of the lipid-transporting protein Ns-LTP1 from seeds of the garden fennel flower (Nigella sativa)].
Zyxin interacts with the SH3 domains of the cytoskeletal proteins LIM-nebulette and Lasp-1.
Overexpression of AtMYB52 confers ABA hypersensitivity and drought tolerance.
cDNA cloning and expression of the human NOBOX gene in oocytes and ovarian follicles.
Structural snapshots of Escherichia coli histidinol phosphate phosphatase along the reaction pathway.
Arabidopsis ALTERED MERISTEM PROGRAM 1 negatively modulates plant responses to abscisic acid and dehydration stress.
Identification, characterization, and developmental regulation of a receptor guanylyl cyclase expressed during early stages of Drosophila development.
Molecular cloning and heterologous expression of the gene encoding dihydrogeodin oxidase, a multicopper blue enzyme from Aspergillus terreus.
The beet Y locus encodes an anthocyanin MYB-like protein that activates the betalain red pigment pathway.
Cloning and characterization of a potassium-dependent sodium/calcium exchanger in Drosophila.
A Milieu Molecule for TGF-β Required for Microglia Function in the Nervous System.
Yeast two-hybrid screens imply that GGNBP1, GGNBP2 and OAZ3 are potential interaction partners of testicular germ cell-specific protein GGN1.
Expression and physiological relevance of Agrobacterium tumefaciens phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis genes.
PCI proteins eIF3e and eIF3m define distinct translation initiation factor 3 complexes.
AglC and AglK are involved in biosynthesis and attachment of diacetylated glucuronic acid to the N-glycan in Methanococcus voltae.
Isolation of assimilatroy- and dissimilatory-type sulfite reductases from Desulfovibrio vulgaris.
Identification of a novel arabinofuranosyltransferase (AftA) involved in cell wall arabinan biosynthesis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Identification and cloning of two forms of liver peroxisomal fatty Acyl CoA Oxidase from the koala (Phascolarctos cinereus).
Proteomics of the neurotoxic fraction from the sea anemone Bunodosoma cangicum venom: Novel peptides belonging to new classes of toxins.
Myomasp/LRRC39, a heart- and muscle-specific protein, is a novel component of the sarcomeric M-band and is involved in stretch sensing.
Arabidopsis thaliana histone deacetylase 14 (HDA14) is an α-tubulin deacetylase that associates with PP2A and enriches in the microtubule fraction with the putative histone acetyltransferase ELP3.
An Arabidopsis GluTR binding protein mediates spatial separation of 5-aminolevulinic acid synthesis in chloroplasts.
Biosynthesis of UDP-GlcNAc, UndPP-GlcNAc and UDP-GlcNAcA involves three easily distinguished 4-epimerase enzymes, Gne, Gnu and GnaB.
Genomic structure of the mouse 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase gene family.
Structural basis for the interaction between the Golgi reassembly-stacking protein GRASP65 and the Golgi matrix protein GM130.
POLQ (Pol theta), a DNA polymerase and DNA-dependent ATPase in human cells.
A bi-functional xyloglucan galactosyltransferase is an indispensable salt stress tolerance determinant in Arabidopsis.
FRD3, a member of the multidrug and toxin efflux family, controls iron deficiency responses in Arabidopsis.
Molecular properties and pharmacogenetics of a polymorphism of adenylyl cyclase type 9 in asthma: interaction between beta-agonist and corticosteroid pathways.
Molecular characterization of a puromycin-insensitive leucyl-specific aminopeptidase, PILS-AP.
The characterization and localization of the mouse thymopoietin/lamina-associated polypeptide 2 gene and its alternatively spliced products.
Deficiency of the novel exopolyphosphatase Rv1026/PPX2 leads to metabolic downshift and altered cell wall permeability in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
HANABA TARANU is a GATA transcription factor that regulates shoot apical meristem and flower development in Arabidopsis.
Structural studies of a vasorelaxant lectin from Dioclea reflexa Hook seeds: Crystal structure, molecular docking and dynamics.
Multiple RNAs expressed from the int-2 gene in mouse embryonal carcinoma cell lines encode a protein with homology to fibroblast growth factors.
Properties of KvLQT1 K+ channel mutations in Romano-Ward and Jervell and Lange-Nielsen inherited cardiac arrhythmias.
Alternative splicing in the murine and human FXR1 genes.
Novel vertebrate genes and putative regulatory elements identified at kidney disease and NR2E1/fierce loci.
The Arabidopsis ROCK-N-ROLLERS gene encodes a homolog of the yeast ATP-dependent DNA helicase MER3 and is required for normal meiotic crossover formation.
Identification and characterization of porcine NP-190, a novel protein that is specifically expressed in the axonal membrane during the embryonic period.
Molecular cloning, characterization, and expression analysis of a gonadotropin-releasing hormone-like cDNA in the clam, Ruditapes philippinarum.
Male fertility of malaria parasites is determined by GCS1, a plant-type reproduction factor.
FAM170B, a novel acrosomal protein involved in fertilization in mice.
Mutations affecting the chemosensory neurons of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification of a novel alternative splicing isoform of human amyloid precursor protein gene, APP639.
Cloning and sequencing of a dehalogenase gene encoding an enzyme with hydrolase activity involved in the degradation of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane in Pseudomonas paucimobilis.
Directed tagging of the Arabidopsis FATTY ACID ELONGATION1 (FAE1) gene with the maize transposon activator.
Characterization of ether-à-go-go channels present in photoreceptors reveals similarity to IKx, a K+ current in rod inner segments.
AbaA regulates conidiogenesis in the ascomycete fungus Fusarium graminearum.
The ndvB locus of Rhizobium meliloti encodes a 319-kDa protein involved in the production of beta-(1----2)-glucan.
Cellular localization of the disintegrin CRII-7/rMDC15 mRNA in rat PNS and CNS and regulated expression in postnatal development and after nerve injury.
Drosophila DEG/ENaC pickpocket genes are expressed in the tracheal system, where they may be involved in liquid clearance.
Characterization of a Bcl-XL-interacting protein FKBP8 and its splice variant in human RPE cells.
VND-INTERACTING2, a NAC domain transcription factor, negatively regulates xylem vessel formation in Arabidopsis.
Phytochrome-mediated agravitropism in Arabidopsis hypocotyls requires GIL1 and confers a fitness advantage.
Overexpression of ERK, an EPH family receptor protein tyrosine kinase, in various human tumors.
Cloning and characterization of two human cDNAs encoding the mRNA capping enzyme.
Structure, chromosomal location, and expression profile of EXTR1 and EXTR2, new members of the multiple exostoses gene family.
Genomic organization and allelic polymorphism of the human killer cell inhibitory receptor gene KIR103.
Cell cycle-regulated expression and subcellular localization of a kinesin-8 member human KIF18B.
The human GRINL1A gene defines a complex transcription unit, an unusual form of gene organization in eukaryotes.
The mouse genomic instability mutation chaos1 is an allele of Polq that exhibits genetic interaction with Atm.
Nucleotide sequence of the Escherichia coli entE gene.
NgR1 and NgR3 are receptors for chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans.
Characterization and primary structure of elastase inhibitor, AFLEI, from Aspergillus flavus.
Functional analysis of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors of Arabidopsis.
Arabidopsis ALF5, a multidrug efflux transporter gene family member, confers resistance to toxins.
The stretch-activated potassium channel TREK-1 in rat cardiac ventricular muscle.
Antitoxin MqsA represses curli formation through the master biofilm regulator CsgD.
Expression patterns of engrailed and dpp in the gastropod Lymnaea stagnalis.
Recombinant fusion protein identified by lepromatous sera mimics native Mycobacterium leprae in T-cell responses across the leprosy spectrum.
The HIC signalling pathway links CO2 perception to stomatal development.
Contribution of human V kappa II germ-line genes to light-chain diversity.
Cloning and expression of myelin-associated oligodendrocytic basic protein. A novel basic protein constituting the central nervous system myelin.
Antimicrobial peptides from diverse families isolated from the skin of the Asian frog, Rana grahami.
Identification of a novel cadherin (vascular endothelial cadherin-2) located at intercellular junctions in endothelial cells.
Prtl99C Acts Together with Protamines and Safeguards Male Fertility in Drosophila.
Molecular analysis of a novel methanesulfonic acid monooxygenase from the methylotroph Methylosulfonomonas methylovora.
Cloning of cDNAs for new subtypes of murine low-affinity Fc receptor for IgE (Fc epsilon RII/CD23).
The mouse lymph node homing receptor is identical with the lymphocyte cell surface marker Ly-22: role of the EGF domain in endothelial binding.
Identification of a novel plant MAR DNA binding protein localized on chromosomal surfaces.
Transcriptional gene silencing by Arabidopsis microrchidia homologues involves the formation of heteromers.
Genome mining reveals the presence of a conserved gene cluster for the biosynthesis of ergot alkaloid precursors in the fungal family Arthrodermataceae.
Primary structure of a human protein which bears structural similarities to members of the rhodopsin/beta-adrenergic receptor family.
An alternative pathway for reduced folate biosynthesis in bacteria and halophilic archaea.
Toxin-antitoxin loci are highly abundant in free-living but lost from host-associated prokaryotes.
Complex regulation of secondary metabolism controlling pathogenicity in the phytopathogenic fungus Alternaria alternata.
Isolation and characterization of two immunochemically distinct alkaline phosphatases from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Expression analysis of the human adducin gene family and evidence of ADD2 beta4 multiple splicing variants.
Identification and characterization of two novel low-molecular-weight dual specificity phosphatases.
A defective signal peptide in the maize high-lysine mutant floury 2.
Functional expression of an ajmaline pathway-specific esterase from Rauvolfia in a novel plant-virus expression system.
The possible role of an [FeFe]-hydrogenase-like protein in the plant responses to changing atmospheric oxygen levels.
A novel membrane protein is a mouse mammary tumor virus receptor.
A membrane-associated metalloprotease of Taenia solium metacestode structurally related to the FACE-1/Ste24p protease family.
High-resolution structural analysis of a novel octaheme cytochrome c nitrite reductase from the haloalkaliphilic bacterium Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens.
Hedycaryol synthase in complex with nerolidol reveals terpene cyclase mechanism.
Cloning, expression, purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray studies of epoxide hydrolases A and B from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
O-Linked GlcNAc transferase is a conserved nucleocytoplasmic protein containing tetratricopeptide repeats.
Genome-wide functional analysis reveals that autophagy is necessary for growth, sporulation, deoxynivalenol production and virulence in Fusarium graminearum.
The p53-binding protein 53BP2 also interacts with Bc12 and impedes cell cycle progression at G2/M.
Arabidopsis homolog of the yeast TREX-2 mRNA export complex: components and anchoring nucleoporin.
A delayed leaf senescence mutant is defective in arginyl-tRNA:protein arginyltransferase, a component of the N-end rule pathway in Arabidopsis.
Purification and molecular characterization of the electron transfer protein of methanesulfonic acid monooxygenase.
N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 2 (NDRG2) inhibits glioblastoma cell proliferation.
Molecular cloning of a novel NF2/ERM/4.1 superfamily gene, ehm2, that is expressed in high-metastatic K1735 murine melanoma cells.
New proteins involved in sulfur trafficking in the cytoplasm of Allochromatium vinosum.
D-PCa-2: a novel transcript highly overexpressed in human prostate and prostate cancer.
MTP regulated by an alternate promoter is essential for NKT cell development.
Png-1, a nervous system-specific zinc finger gene, identifies regions containing postmitotic neurons during mammalian embryonic development.
A new family of conotoxins that blocks voltage-gated sodium channels.
Alternative splicing generates a secreted form of N-CAM in muscle and brain.
Hakai, a c-Cbl-like protein, ubiquitinates and induces endocytosis of the E-cadherin complex.
EsaD, a secretion factor for the Ess pathway in Staphylococcus aureus.
Latent transforming growth factor-beta binding proteins (LTBPs)--structural extracellular matrix proteins for targeting TGF-beta action.
Purification and characterization of furostanol glycoside 26-O-beta-glucosidase from Costus speciosus rhizomes.
GRASP65, a protein involved in the stacking of Golgi cisternae.
Biosynthesis of fusarubins accounts for pigmentation of Fusarium fujikuroi perithecia.
Isolation and characterization of methyl viologen-sensitive mutants of Escherichia coli K-12.
EFFECTOR OF TRANSCRIPTION2 is involved in xylem differentiation and includes a functional DNA single strand cutting domain.
Complex chromosome 22 rearrangements in astrocytic tumors identified using microsatellite and chromosome 22 tile path array analysis.
Plakophilins 1a and 1b: widespread nuclear proteins recruited in specific epithelial cells as desmosomal plaque components.
The Slp homology domain of synaptotagmin-like proteins 1-4 and Slac2 functions as a novel Rab27A binding domain.
Purification and properties of the acetohydroxy acid isomeroreductase of Salmonella typhimurium.
A rat G protein-coupled receptor selectively expressed in myelin-forming cells.
Hypothetical protein Rv3423.1 of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a histone acetyltransferase.
Mouse A-myb encodes a trans-activator and is expressed in mitotically active cells of the developing central nervous system, adult testis and B lymphocytes.
Structure and tissue-specific expression of the aldo-keto reductase superfamily.
Induction of inositol 1,4,5 trisphosphate receptor genes by ionizing radiation.
Liat1, an arginyltransferase-binding protein whose evolution among primates involved changes in the numbers of its 10-residue repeats.
Three new antimicrobial peptides from the scorpion Pandinus imperator.
Isolation, characterization and developmental regulation of the human apobec-1 complementation factor (ACF) gene.
A lectin receptor-like kinase is required for pollen development in Arabidopsis.
A host small GTP-binding protein ARL8 plays crucial roles in tobamovirus RNA replication.
Cytomegalovirus evasion of innate immunity by subversion of the NKR-P1B:Clr-b missing-self axis.
Human endothelin converting enzyme-2 (ECE2): characterization of mRNA species and chromosomal localization.
Development of a rational nomenclature for naming peptide and protein toxins from sea anemones.
An ABA-regulated putative RNA-binding protein affects seed germination of Arabidopsis under ABA or abiotic stress conditions.
Hsp31 of Escherichia coli K-12 is glyoxalase III.
cDNA cloning, genomic organization and expression of the novel human metallophosphoesterase gene MPPE1 on chromosome 18p11.2.
Purification of aconitase from Bacillus subtilis and correlation of its N-terminal amino acid sequence with the sequence of the citB gene.
The promoter of a basic PR1-like gene, AtPRB1, from Arabidopsis establishes an organ-specific expression pattern and responsiveness to ethylene and methyl jasmonate.
Peptidomic analysis of the host-defense peptides in skin secretions of the Trinidadian leaf frog Phyllomedusa trinitatis (Phyllomedusidae).
The transcriptional landscape of the mammalian genome.
Contrasting patterns of evolutionary divergence within the Acinetobacter calcoaceticus pca operon.
Purification and properties of ferredoxinNAP, a component of naphthalene dioxygenase from Pseudomonas sp. strain NCIB 9816.
Purification and properties of NADH-ferredoxinNAP reductase, a component of naphthalene dioxygenase from Pseudomonas sp. strain NCIB 9816.
Molecular cloning, functional expression, and pharmacological characterization of an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunit from human brain.
Muscle-specific mRNA isoform encodes a protein composed mainly of the N-terminal 175 residues of type 2 Ins(1,4,5)P3 receptor.
Allergenic relevance of nonspecific lipid transfer proteins 2: Identification and characterization of Api g 6 from celery tuber as representative of a novel IgE-binding protein family.
A Schizosaccharomyces pombe gene, ksg1, that shows structural homology to the human phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase PDK1, is essential for growth, mating and sporulation.
An Arabidopsis homolog of the bacterial cell division inhibitor SulA is involved in plastid division.
Identification of an Arabidopsis cDNA encoding a lipoyltransferase located in plastids.
Biodiversity of apidaecin-type peptide antibiotics. Prospects of manipulating the antibacterial spectrum and combating acquired resistance.
Genomic organization of the human adipocyte-derived leucine aminopeptidase gene and its relationship to the placental leucine aminopeptidase/oxytocinase gene.
Active and water-soluble form of lipidated Wnt protein is maintained by a serum glycoprotein afamin/α-albumin.
Functional distinctions between IMP dehydrogenase genes in providing mycophenolate resistance and guanine prototrophy to yeast.
Multiple rat brain calpastatin forms are produced by distinct starting points and alternative splicing of the N-terminal exons.
Identification and expression analysis of alternative splice variants of the rat Hax-1 gene.
Cloning and tissue-specific expression of five voltage-gated potassium channel cDNAs expressed in rat heart.
Molecular cloning of cDNA encoding adipogenesis inhibitory factor and identity with interleukin-11.
Aminoglycoside 2'-N-acetyltransferase genes are universally present in mycobacteria: characterization of the aac(2')-Ic gene from Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the aac(2')-Id gene from Mycobacterium smegmatis.
MASP-3 and its association with distinct complexes of the mannan-binding lectin complement activation pathway.
Cloning of a temperature-regulated gene encoding a chloroplast omega-3 desaturase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
cDNA cloning and genomic structure of a novel gene (C11orf9) localized to chromosome 11q12-->q13.1 which encodes a highly conserved, potential membrane-associated protein.
The Xanthomonas Hrp type III system secretes proteins from plant and mammalian bacterial pathogens.
Aspergillus oryzae laeA regulates kojic acid synthesis genes.
A protective strategy against hyperinflammatory responses requiring the nontranscriptional actions of GPS2.
Empirical analysis of transcriptional activity in the Arabidopsis genome.
The first crystal structure of the novel class of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase present in thermophilic archaea.
Membrane topology and mitochondrial targeting of mitofusins, ubiquitous mammalian homologs of the transmembrane GTPase Fzo.
Identification and catalytic residues of the arsenite methyltransferase from a sulfate-reducing bacterium, Clostridium sp. BXM.
The domino gene of Drosophila encodes novel members of the SWI2/SNF2 family of DNA-dependent ATPases, which contribute to the silencing of homeotic genes.
An alkyl hydroperoxide reductase from Salmonella typhimurium involved in the defense of DNA against oxidative damage. Purification and properties.
The murine flg gene encodes a receptor for fibroblast growth factor.
Development and application of a suite of polysaccharide-degrading enzymes for analyzing plant cell walls.
Human DNA helicase B (HDHB) binds to replication protein A and facilitates cellular recovery from replication stress.
FAP48, a new protein that forms specific complexes with both immunophilins FKBP59 and FKBP12. Prevention by the immunosuppressant drugs FK506 and rapamycin.
JAK3: a novel JAK kinase associated with terminal differentiation of hematopoietic cells.
A Mucosal and Cutaneous Chemokine Ligand for the Lymphocyte Chemoattractant Receptor GPR15.
Identification and characterization of KLHL4, a novel human homologue of the Drosophila Kelch gene that maps within the X-linked cleft palate and Ankyloglossia (CPX) critical region.
Identification of a CD20-, FcepsilonRIbeta-, and HTm4-related gene family: sixteen new MS4A family members expressed in human and mouse.
Structural basis for MOF and MSL3 recruitment into the dosage compensation complex by MSL1.
A putative protein of a growth specific cDNA from BALB/c-3T3 cells is highly similar to the extracellular portion of mouse interleukin 1 receptor.
Expression of a novel DnaJA1 alternative splicing in human testis and sperm.
Mouse Dach, a homologue of Drosophila dachshund, is expressed in the developing retina, brain and limbs.
Arabidopsis ethylene-response gene ETR1: similarity of product to two-component regulators.
An Arabidopsis flavonoid transporter is required for anther dehiscence and pollen development.
Expression and characterization of jingzhaotoxin-34, a novel neurotoxin from the venom of the tarantula Chilobrachys jingzhao.
AtHaspin phosphorylates histone H3 at threonine 3 during mitosis and contributes to embryonic patterning in Arabidopsis.
Isolation and characterization of a bovine cDNA encoding a functional homolog of human P-selectin.
DNA binding and transactivation activity of A-myb, a c-myb-related gene.
A unique latex protein, MLX56, defends mulberry trees from insects.
Zinc finger-DNA recognition: crystal structure of a Zif268-DNA complex at 2.1 A.
Human endothelin-converting enzyme (ECE-1): three isoforms with distinct subcellular localizations.
cDNA cloning and regulation of two sex-hormone-repressed hamster tear lipocalins having homology with odorant/pheromone-binding proteins.
Structure and properties of a bis-histidyl ligated globin from Caenorhabditis elegans.
The Bacillus subtilis clpC operon encodes DNA repair and competence proteins.
Developmental accumulation and heterogeneity of myelin basic protein transcripts in the chick visual system.
Mighty is a novel promyogenic factor in skeletal myogenesis.
Systematic reverse genetic screening of T-DNA tagged genes in rice for functional genomic analyses: MADS-box genes as a test case.
Identification and characterization of sORF-encoded polypeptides.
Rim1 and rabphilin-3 bind Rab3-GTP by composite determinants partially related through N-terminal alpha -helix motifs.
DELLA protein functions as a transcriptional activator through the DNA binding of the indeterminate domain family proteins.
Analysis of the kinase-related protein gene found at human chromosome 3q21 in a multi-gene cluster: organization, expression, alternative splicing, and polymorphic marker.
The arabidopsis cell plate-associated dynamin-like protein, ADL1Ap, is required for multiple stages of plant growth and development.
kappa-Bungarotoxin: complete amino acid sequence of a neuronal nicotinic receptor probe.
Characterization of cloned cDNA representing rat myelin basic protein: absence of expression in brain of shiverer mutant mice.
Direct interaction of ligand-receptor pairs specifying stomatal patterning.
Identification of novel Kirrel3 gene splice variants in adult human skeletal muscle.
The role of the Arabidopsis ELD1 gene in cell development and photomorphogenesis in darkness.
Prediction of the coding sequences of mouse homologues of KIAA gene: I. The complete nucleotide sequences of 100 mouse KIAA-homologous cDNAs identified by screening of terminal sequences of cDNA clones randomly sampled from size-fractionated libraries.
Plant orthologs of p300/CBP: conservation of a core domain in metazoan p300/CBP acetyltransferase-related proteins.
Arabidopsis thaliana NADPH oxidoreductase homologs confer tolerance of yeasts toward the thiol-oxidizing drug diamide.
Human homologue sequences to the Drosophila dishevelled segment-polarity gene are deleted in the DiGeorge syndrome.
Alternate splicing of the rTS gene product and its overexpression in a 5-fluorouracil-resistant cell line.
The primary structure of a major polypeptide component from the venom of Naja melanoleuca.
Genetic subtraction profiling identifies genes essential for Arabidopsis reproduction and reveals interaction between the female gametophyte and the maternal sporophyte.
Strigolactones regulate rice tiller angle by attenuating shoot gravitropism through inhibiting auxin biosynthesis.
Characterization of antimicrobial histone sequences and posttranslational modifications by mass spectrometry.
Mage-b4, a novel melanoma antigen (MAGE) gene specifically expressed during germ cell differentiation.
Phosphoenolpyruvate phosphotransferase system and N-acetylglucosamine metabolism in Bacillus sphaericus.
Molecular cloning and transient expression in COS7 cells of a novel human PDE4B cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase, HSPDE4B3.
Differential B cell expression of mouse Fc receptor homologs.
AP2-ERF transcription factors mediate Nod factor dependent Mt ENOD11 activation in root hairs via a novel cis-regulatory motif.
Biochemical and phylogenetic characterization of a novel diaminopimelate biosynthesis pathway in prokaryotes identifies a diverged form of LL-diaminopimelate aminotransferase.
The human RGL (RalGDS-like) gene: cloning, expression analysis and genomic organization.
Cloning, chromosome mapping and expression analysis of the HIRA gene from Drosophila melanogaster.
Insight into structure and assembly of the nuclear pore complex by utilizing the genome of a eukaryotic thermophile.
Activation and repression of transcription by auxin-response factors.
Ryanodine receptors are part of the myospryn complex in cardiac muscle.
Lulu2 regulates the circumferential actomyosin tensile system in epithelial cells through p114RhoGEF.
Multiple forms of dynamin are encoded by shibire, a Drosophila gene involved in endocytosis.
Solution structure determination by two-dimensional 1H NMR of omega-conotoxin MVIID, a calcium channel blocker peptide.
Identification of high-copy disruptors of telomeric silencing in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Erythroid pyrimidine 5'-nucleotidase: cloning, developmental expression, and regulation by cAMP and in vivo hypoxia.
Metargidin, a membrane-anchored metalloprotease-disintegrin protein with an RGD integrin binding sequence.
Molecular characterization of the iron transport system mediated by the pJM1 plasmid in Vibrio anguillarum 775.
The quinohemoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase of Gluconobacter suboxydans has ubiquinol oxidation activity at a site different from the ubiquinone reduction site.
Complete amino acid sequence of tenebrosin-C, a cardiac stimulatory and haemolytic protein from the sea anemone Actinia tenebrosa.
Characterization of two related Drosophila gamma-tubulin complexes that differ in their ability to nucleate microtubules.
A novel MDMX transcript expressed in a variety of transformed cell lines encodes a truncated protein with potent p53 repressive activity.
Isolation and characterization of the novel popeye gene family expressed in skeletal muscle and heart.
Alternative splicing of cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase mRNA transcripts. Characterization of a novel tissue-specific isoform, RNPDE4A8.
Identification of a tumor-specific shared antigen derived from an Eph receptor and presented to CD4 T cells on HLA class II molecules.
Triclosan Resistance in a Bacterial Fish Pathogen, Aeromonas salmonicida subsp. salmonicida, is Mediated by an Enoyl Reductase, FabV.
Identification of three genetic loci controlling leaf senescence in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Partially redundant functions of two SET-domain polycomb-group proteins in controlling initiation of seed development in Arabidopsis.
Overexpressing a NAM, ATAF, and CUC (NAC) transcription factor enhances drought resistance and salt tolerance in rice.
Molecular cloning and characterization of Xenopus insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor: its role in mediating insulin-induced Xenopus oocyte maturation and expression during embryogenesis.
Myosin heavy chain isoform diversity in smooth muscle is produced by differential RNA processing.
A novel c-kit transcript, potentially encoding a truncated receptor, originates within a kit gene intron in mouse spermatids.
NVL2, a nucleolar AAA-ATPase, is associated with the nuclear exosome and is involved in pre-rRNA processing.
An alternative splicing event which occurs in mouse pachytene spermatocytes generates a form of DNA ligase III with distinct biochemical properties that may function in meiotic recombination.
Two members of the Fxr gene family, Fmr1 and Fxr1, are differentially expressed in Xenopus tropicalis.
A novel simple extracellular leucine-rich repeat (eLRR) domain protein from rice (OsLRR1) enters the endosomal pathway and interacts with the hypersensitive-induced reaction protein 1 (OsHIR1).
Ybp1 and Gpx3 signaling in Candida albicans govern hydrogen peroxide-induced oxidation of the Cap1 transcription factor and macrophage escape.
Predicting the impact of alternative splicing on plant MADS domain protein function.
Early anteroposterior division of the presumptive neurectoderm in Xenopus.
Extensive Identification of Bacterial Riboflavin Transporters and Their Distribution across Bacterial Species.
A novel short isoform of the D3 dopamine receptor generated by alternative splicing in the third cytoplasmic loop.
Arabidopsis FIMBRIN5, an actin bundling factor, is required for pollen germination and pollen tube growth.
Superoxide sensitivity of the Escherichia coli 6-phosphogluconate dehydratase.
A hemoglobin-binding outer membrane protein is involved in virulence expression by Haemophilus ducreyi in an animal model.
Comparison of ligand-induced conformational changes and domain closure mechanisms, between prokaryotic and eukaryotic dehydroquinate synthases.
Primary structure and functional characterization of a high-affinity glutamate transporter.
Axonal transport of mitochondria to synapses depends on milton, a novel Drosophila protein.
Insights into the NrpR regulon in Methanosarcina mazei Gö1.
The sequence of human retinal S-antigen reveals similarities with alpha-transducin.
A molecular genetic analysis of the interaction between the cytoplasmic dynein intermediate chain and the glued (dynactin) complex.
IS195, an insertion sequence-like element associated with protease genes in Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Arabidopsis transcription factor ELONGATED HYPOCOTYL5 plays a role in the feedback regulation of phytochrome A signaling.
Alternative splicing of the human Rab6A gene generates two close but functionally different isoforms.
HSP90s are required for NLR immune receptor accumulation in Arabidopsis.
Cloning and characterization of DYRK1B, a novel member of the DYRK family of protein kinases.
A novel, putative MEK kinase controls developmental timing and spatial patterning in Dictyostelium and is regulated by ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation.
Neuroendocrine secretory protein 55 (NESP55): alternative splicing onto transcripts of the GNAS gene and posttranslational processing of a maternally expressed protein.
Molecular cloning and sequencing of H-2Kk cDNA: comparison with other H-2 genes and evidence for alternative splicing.
Structural analysis of human soluble adenylyl cyclase and crystal structures of its nucleotide complexes-implications for cyclase catalysis and evolution.
A hyaluronan binding link protein gene family whose members are physically linked adjacent to chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan core protein genes: the missing links.
Usher syndrome and Leber congenital amaurosis are molecularly linked via a novel isoform of the centrosomal ninein-like protein.
Gastrointestinal expression and partial cDNA cloning of murine Muc2.
Nucleotide sequence of a cDNA clone encoding chloroplast fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
A novel transcript encoding truncated LIM kinase 2 is specifically expressed in male germ cells undergoing meiosis.
A Y-encoded subunit of the translation initiation factor Eif2 is essential for mouse spermatogenesis.
The ASH1 HOMOLOG 2 (ASHH2) histone H3 methyltransferase is required for ovule and anther development in Arabidopsis.
Cloning of conserved genes from Zymomonas mobilis and Bradyrhizobium japonicum that function in the biosynthesis of hopanoid lipids.
Genetics of Aux/IAA and ARF action in plant growth and development.
Cloning, expression, and functional characterization of the beta regulatory subunit of human methionine adenosyltransferase (MAT II).
Isolation of three contiguous genes, ACR1, ACR2 and ACR3, involved in resistance to arsenic compounds in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Human eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4G (eIF4G) possesses two separate and independent binding sites for eIF4A.
cDNA sequence, in vitro synthesis, and intramitochondrial lipoylation of H-protein of the glycine cleavage system.
Molecular cloning, expression and characterization of human peroxisome proliferator activated receptors gamma 1 and gamma 2.
Fibroblast growth factor receptors from liver vary in three structural domains.
F1 and F2: Two similar genes regulated differently during development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Differential expression of two distinct forms of mRNA encoding members of a dipeptidyl aminopeptidase family.
cDNA cloning and analysis of the expression of nucleoporin p45.
An alternative, arginase-independent pathway for arginine metabolism in Kluyveromyces lactis involves guanidinobutyrase as a key enzyme.
Nontargeted in vitro metabolomics for high-throughput identification of novel enzymes in Escherichia coli.
A conditionally dispensable chromosome controls host-specific pathogenicity in the fungal plant pathogen Alternaria alternata.
MP1 encodes an abundant and highly antigenic cell wall mannoprotein in the pathogenic fungus Penicillium marneffei.
PAR-1 is a Dishevelled-associated kinase and a positive regulator of Wnt signalling.
Pathway for the synthesis of mannosylglycerate in the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus horikoshii. Biochemical and genetic characterization of key enzymes.
Crystal structure of c5321: a protective antigen present in uropathogenic Escherichia coli strains displaying an SLR fold.
Fatty acid biosynthesis redirected to medium chains in transgenic oilseed plants.
Sequence analysis of the GntII (subsidiary) system for gluconate metabolism reveals a novel pathway for L-idonic acid catabolism in Escherichia coli.
Translational Repression of the RpoS Antiadapter IraD by CsrA Is Mediated via Translational Coupling to a Short Upstream Open Reading Frame.
Localization of Shaw-related K+ channel genes on mouse and human chromosomes.
Simplet controls cell proliferation and gene transcription during zebrafish caudal fin regeneration.
Arabinogalactan protein cluster from Jatropha curcas seed embryo contains fasciclin, xylogen and LysM proteins.
Exome sequencing and cis-regulatory mapping identify mutations in MAK, a gene encoding a regulator of ciliary length, as a cause of retinitis pigmentosa.
Multiple isoforms of PAX5 are expressed in both lymphomas and normal B-cells.
A novel member of the dynamin family of GTP-binding proteins is expressed specifically in the testis.
Organization and structural evolution of four multigene families in Arabidopsis thaliana: AtLCAD, AtLGT, AtMYST and AtHD-GL2.
Comparative analysis of embryonic cell lineage between Caenorhabditis briggsae and Caenorhabditis elegans.
Isolated polycystic liver disease genes define effectors of polycystin-1 function.
Cloning a cDNA encoding an alternatively spliced protein of BRCA2-associated factor 35.
Functional properties of strychnine-sensitive glycine receptors expressed in Xenopus oocytes injected with a single mRNA.
Mfsd2b is essential for the sphingosine-1-phosphate export in erythrocytes and platelets.
NAPP and PIRP encode subunits of a putative wave regulatory protein complex involved in plant cell morphogenesis.
ROUGH SHEATH2: a Myb protein that represses knox homeobox genes in maize lateral organ primordia.
Inca: a novel p21-activated kinase-associated protein required for cranial neural crest development.
Duplicate gene evolution toward multiple fates at the Drosophila melanogaster HIP/HIP-Replacement locus.
There exist at least 30 human G-protein-coupled receptors with long Ser/Thr-rich N-termini.
Very-KIND is a novel nervous system specific guanine nucleotide exchange factor for Ras GTPases.
A novel gamma-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase: identification and expression of an Arabidopsis cDNA and potential role under oxygen deficiency.
Homer regulates the association of group 1 metabotropic glutamate receptors with multivalent complexes of homer-related, synaptic proteins.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. VIII. 78 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Solution NMR structure of VF0530 from Vibrio fischeri reveals a nucleic acid-binding function.
Structures of Xenopus Embryonic Epidermal Lectin Reveal a Conserved Mechanism of Microbial Glycan Recognition.
Large-scale genetic analysis of chloroplast biogenesis in maize.
Characterization of a new rice glutelin gene GluD-1 expressed in the starchy endosperm.
Identification of an elaborate complex mediating postsynaptic inhibition.
A superhelical spiral in the Escherichia coli DNA gyrase A C-terminal domain imparts unidirectional supercoiling bias.
DNA sequence and analysis of human chromosome 9.
FdC1, a novel ferredoxin protein capable of alternative electron partitioning, increases in conditions of acceptor limitation at photosystem I.
A mutation in PRKAG3 associated with excess glycogen content in pig skeletal muscle.
Genomic organization of the JEM-1 (BLZF1) gene on human chromosome 1q24: molecular cloning and analysis of its promoter region.
The human type 1 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor from T lymphocytes. Structure, localization, and tyrosine phosphorylation.
Chemotherapy drugs induce pyroptosis through caspase-3 cleavage of a gasdermin.
A genome-wide functional investigation into the roles of receptor-like proteins in Arabidopsis.
Characterization of a plant, tyrosine-specific phosphatase of the aspartyl class.
Peptidomics of the larval Drosophila melanogaster central nervous system.
Emi1 maintains genomic integrity during zebrafish embryogenesis and cooperates with p53 in tumor suppression.
ROC1, a homolog of APC11, represents a family of cullin partners with an associated ubiquitin ligase activity.
A second thylakoid membrane-localized Alb3/OxaI/YidC homologue is involved in proper chloroplast biogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Extremotolerant tardigrade genome and improved radiotolerance of human cultured cells by tardigrade-unique protein.
Linearmycins Activate a Two-Component Signaling System Involved in Bacterial Competition and Biofilm Morphology.
Nucleotide sequence of Escherichia coli isochorismate synthetase gene entC and evolutionary relationship of isochorismate synthetase and other chorismate-utilizing enzymes.
Genome-wide analysis of the ERF gene family in Arabidopsis and rice.
Cloning and functional expression of alternative spliced variants of the human metabotropic glutamate receptor 8.
KNOX lost the OX: the Arabidopsis KNATM gene defines a novel class of KNOX transcriptional regulators missing the homeodomain.
A cysteine-string protein is expressed in retina and brain of Drosophila.
The Jak kinases differentially associate with the alpha and beta (accessory factor) chains of the interferon gamma receptor to form a functional receptor unit capable of activating STAT transcription factors.
The ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes UbcH7 and UbcH8 interact with RING finger/IBR motif-containing domains of HHARI and H7-AP1.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a distinct human phosphodiesterase gene family: PDE11A.
A proteolytic pathway that recognizes ubiquitin as a degradation signal.
Biochemical characterization of the HpxO enzyme from Klebsiella pneumoniae, a novel FAD-dependent urate oxidase.
Purification and characterization of Acinetobacter calcoaceticus isocitrate lyase.
SPACR in the interphotoreceptor matrix of the mouse retina: molecular, biochemical and immunohistochemical characterization.
Cloning and expression of a glutamate transporter from mouse brain.
Identification and characterization of a second NMN adenylyltransferase gene in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The Arabidopsis AMP1 gene encodes a putative glutamate carboxypeptidase.
Cloning and characterization of the lectin cDNA clones from onion, shallot and leek.
Molecular characterization of the ets-related human transcription factor ER81.
The new kappa-KTx 2.5 from the scorpion Opisthacanthus cayaporum.
Uncovering the Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1 gallate decarboxylase involved in tannin degradation.
Isolation and characterization of the human gene encoding Ito: further diversity by alternative mRNA splicing.
Insights into exo- and endoglucanase activities of family 6 glycoside hydrolases from Podospora anserina.
Identification of a novel slow-muscle-fiber enhancer binding protein, MusTRD1.
EphrinB ligands recruit GRIP family PDZ adaptor proteins into raft membrane microdomains.
Subcellular dynamics and role of Arabidopsis β-1,3-glucanases in cell-to-cell movement of tobamoviruses.
Identification of an antifungal peptide from Trapa natans fruits with inhibitory effects on Candida tropicalis biofilm formation.
Isolation and characterization of porcine mannan-binding proteins of different size and ultrastructure.
Methanobactin, a copper-acquisition compound from methane-oxidizing bacteria.
Characterization and kinetic analysis of enzyme-substrate recognition by three recombinant lactococcal tripeptidases.
Analysis of the Saccharomyces spindle pole by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry.
The hotdog thioesterase EntH (YbdB) plays a role in vivo in optimal enterobactin biosynthesis by interacting with the ArCP domain of EntB.
The WD40 repeat protein NEDD1 functions in microtubule organization during cell division in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding a novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein-like protein and its expression in myeloid leukemia cells.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of two CYP619 cytochrome P450s involved in biosynthesis of patulin in Aspergillus clavatus.
Arabidopsis transcriptional regulation by light stress via hydrogen peroxide-dependent and -independent pathways.
Isolation and characterization of a novel zinc finger gene, ZNFD, activating AP1(PMA) transcriptional activities.
Cutting edge: inhibiting measles virus infection but promoting reproduction: an explanation for splicing and tissue-specific expression of CD46.
Identification of dynamin 2, an isoform ubiquitously expressed in rat tissues.
Lipoproteins of slow-growing Mycobacteria carry three fatty acids and are N-acylated by apolipoprotein N-acyltransferase BCG_2070c.
An in vivo expression system for the identification of cargo proteins of vacuolar sorting receptors in Arabidopsis culture cells.
Alternative splicing affecting a novel domain in the C. elegans EGL-15 FGF receptor confers functional specificity.
Asymmetric leaves1 mediates leaf patterning and stem cell function in Arabidopsis.
Cloning, expression, purification, crystallization and X-ray analysis of inositol monophosphatase from Mus musculus and Homo sapiens.
Purification and characterization of a unique, potent, peptidyl probe for the high conductance calcium-activated potassium channel from venom of the scorpion Buthus tamulus.
ARPP-16 mRNA is up-regulated in the longissimus muscle of pigs possessing an elevated growth rate.
Complete characterization of the human IGF-I nucleotide sequence isolated from a newly constructed adult liver cDNA library.
Alternative splice variants of the human centrosome kinase Nek2 exhibit distinct patterns of expression in mitosis.
Functional analysis of the beta and epsilon lycopene cyclase enzymes of Arabidopsis reveals a mechanism for control of cyclic carotenoid formation.
Plant mitochondrial 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase complex: purification and characterization in potato.
Ribosome binding proteins YhbH and YfiA have opposite functions during 100S formation in the stationary phase of Escherichia coli.
The augmin complex plays a critical role in spindle microtubule generation for mitotic progression and cytokinesis in human cells.
Transcriptional diversity of DMRT1 (dsx- and mab3-related transcription factor 1) in human testis.
Cloning and characterization of a fourth human lysyl oxidase isoenzyme.
The interaction between the helicase DHX33 and IPS-1 as a novel pathway to sense double-stranded RNA and RNA viruses in myeloid dendritic cells.
Cloning, characterization, and development expression of a rat lung alveolar type I cell gene in embryonic endodermal and neural derivatives.
Organization of Mitochondrial Gene Expression in Two Distinct Ribosome-Containing Assemblies.
Ventricular zone gene-1 (vzg-1) encodes a lysophosphatidic acid receptor expressed in neurogenic regions of the developing cerebral cortex.
X-ray structure at 1.55 A of toxin gamma, a cardiotoxin from Naja nigricollis venom. Crystal packing reveals a model for insertion into membranes.
Suppression of the heterotrimeric G protein causes abnormal morphology, including dwarfism, in rice.
Expansion of the cell plate in plant cytokinesis requires a kinesin-like protein/MAPKKK complex.
Reduction of HDL- and LDL-associated cholesterylester and phospholipid hydroperoxides by phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase and Ebselen (PZ 51).
Down-regulation of RpS21, a putative translation initiation factor interacting with P40, produces viable minute imagos and larval lethality with overgrown hematopoietic organs and imaginal discs.
Effect of cold shock on lipid A biosynthesis in Escherichia coli. Induction At 12 degrees C of an acyltransferase specific for palmitoleoyl-acyl carrier protein.
IRAS splice variants.
Nickel resistance and chromatin condensation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae expressing a maize high mobility group I/Y protein.
Purification, cloning and characterization of a novel peroxidase isozyme from sweetpotatoes (Ipomoea batatas).
XLalphas, the extra-long form of the alpha-subunit of the Gs G protein, is significantly longer than suspected, and so is its companion Alex.
The ARID domain of the H3K4 demethylase RBP2 binds to a DNA CCGCCC motif.
Isolation and characterization of the novel gene, TU3A, in a commonly deleted region on 3p14.3-->p14.2 in renal cell carcinoma.
Galactosyltransferases from Arabidopsis thaliana in the biosynthesis of type II arabinogalactan: molecular interaction enhances enzyme activity.
A locus on 2p12 containing the co-regulated MRPL19 and C2ORF3 genes is associated to dyslexia.
LSM proteins provide accurate splicing and decay of selected transcripts to ensure normal Arabidopsis development.
Expression and characterization of the Neurospora crassa endoglucanase GH5-1.
Identification and characterization of Veph, a novel gene encoding a PH domain-containing protein expressed in the developing central nervous system of vertebrates.
A Major Fimbrilin Variant of Mfa1 Fimbriae in Porphyromonas gingivalis.
The molecular cloning and characterization of Drosophila melanogaster myosin-IA and myosin-IB.
Identification of Pex5pM, and retarded maturation of 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase and acyl-CoA oxidase in CHO cells expressing mutant Pex5p isoforms.
Molecular cloning of macrophin, a human homologue of Drosophila kakapo with a close structural similarity to plectin and dystrophin.
Primary structure and expression of a functional human glucocorticoid receptor cDNA.
The human myosin light chain kinase (MLCK) from hippocampus: cloning, sequencing, expression, and localization to 3qcen-q21.
Characterization of AFMP1: a novel target for serodiagnosis of aspergillosis.
Cloning of a third mammalian Na+-Ca2+ exchanger, NCX3.
Molecular analysis of a microaerobically induced operon required for hydrogenase synthesis in Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar viciae.
Monkey leptin receptor mRNA: sequence, tissue distribution, and mRNA expression in the adipose tissue of normal, hyperinsulinemic, and type 2 diabetic rhesus monkeys.
Amino acid sequence of two sea anemone toxins from Anthopleura fuscoviridis.
Kunitz-type trypsin inhibitor with high stability from Spinacia oleracea L. seeds.
Surf5: a gene in the tightly clustered mouse surfeit locus is highly conserved and transcribed divergently from the rpL7A (Surf3) gene.
The IRE gene encodes a protein kinase homologue and modulates root hair growth in Arabidopsis.
Role of ARABIDOPSIS A-FIFTEEN in regulating leaf senescence involves response to reactive oxygen species and is dependent on ETHYLENE INSENSITIVE2.
A novel Creb family gene telomeric of HLA-DRA in the HLA complex.
H-3, a new lectin from the marine sponge Haliclona caerulea: purification and mass spectrometric characterization.
Trans-inactivation of receptor tyrosine kinases by novel angiotensin II AT2 receptor-interacting protein, ATIP.
The Xenopus Bowline/Ripply family proteins negatively regulate the transcriptional activity of T-box transcription factors.
Glutamine synthetase of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: extracellular release and characterization of its enzymatic activity.
Mating-Induced Differential Peptidomics of Neuropeptides and Protein Hormones in Agrotis ipsilon Moths.
The plant glycosyltransferase clone collection for functional genomics.
EAT1 promotes tapetal cell death by regulating aspartic proteases during male reproductive development in rice.
Molecular basis of Japanese variants of pyrimidine 5'-nucleotidase deficiency.
IL-1H, an interleukin 1-related protein that binds IL-18 receptor/IL-1Rrp.
Phosphodiesterase 9: insights from protein structure and role in therapeutics.
Role of ABCG1 and other ABCG family members in lipid metabolism.
Characterisation of flavodoxin NADP+ oxidoreductase and flavodoxin; key components of electron transfer in Escherichia coli.
A novel hook-related protein family and the characterization of hook-related protein 1.
Proteasomal control of cytokinin synthesis protects Mycobacterium tuberculosis against nitric oxide.
A sequence-based map of Arabidopsis genes with mutant phenotypes.
Growth signalling pathways in Arabidopsis and the AGC protein kinases.
The mammalian HSF4 gene generates both an activator and a repressor of heat shock genes by alternative splicing.
Ribosome. The structure of the human mitochondrial ribosome.
Molecular genetics of the extracellular lipase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1.
Characterization of BHC80 in BRAF-HDAC complex, involved in neuron-specific gene repression.
Phages have adapted the same protein fold to fulfill multiple functions in virion assembly.
Differing expression patterns and evolution of the rat kininogen gene family.
Isolation and characterization of PBP, a protein that interacts with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor.
Genomic amplification in retinoblastoma narrowed to 0.6 megabase on chromosome 6p containing a kinesin-like gene, RBKIN.
Nectarin I is a novel, soluble germin-like protein expressed in the nectar of Nicotiana sp.
The maize floury1 gene encodes a novel endoplasmic reticulum protein involved in zein protein body formation.
Crystal structure of the Mp1p ligand binding domain 2 reveals its function as a fatty acid-binding protein.
A novel protein tyrosine phosphatase gene is mutated in progressive myoclonus epilepsy of the Lafora type (EPM2).
The identification of a novel alternatively spliced form of the MBD4 DNA glycosylase.
Function and regulation of FoxF1 during Xenopus gut development.
Two PDZ domain proteins encoded by the murine periaxin gene are the result of alternative intron retention and are differentially targeted in Schwann cells.
LEA (late embryogenesis abundant) proteins and their encoding genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Substrate specificity of a tripeptidase as a metalloenzyme purified from Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis biovar. diacetylactis ATCC 13675.
The hydantoin transport protein from Microbacterium liquefaciens.
NPC2, the protein deficient in Niemann-Pick C2 disease, consists of multiple glycoforms that bind a variety of sterols.
A tissue-specific variant of the human lysyl oxidase-like protein 3 (LOXL3) functions as an amine oxidase with substrate specificity.
Isolation and pharmacological characterization of AdTx1, a natural peptide displaying specific insurmountable antagonism of the alpha1A-adrenoceptor.
Cloning, functional expression and tissue distribution of human alpha 1c-adrenoceptor splice variants.
Regulatory networks affected by iron availability in Candida albicans.
Primary structure, expression, and signal-dependent tyrosine phosphorylation of a Drosophila homolog of extracellular signal-regulated kinase.
Identification, genomic organization, and alternative splicing of KNSL3, a novel human gene encoding a kinesin-like protein.
Cloning and sequence analysis of cDNAs encoding human hippocampus N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunits: evidence for alternative RNA splicing.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of the first insect FMRFamide receptor.
Discovery of novel S. aureus autolysins and molecular engineering to enhance bacteriolytic activity.
Leiomodin-3 dysfunction results in thin filament disorganization and nemaline myopathy.
Assimilatory nitrate reductase from the haloarchaeon Haloferax mediterranei: purification and characterisation.
Ash1a and Neurogenin1 function downstream of Floating head to regulate epiphysial neurogenesis.
Amino acid and nucleotide sequence, adjacent genes, and heterologous expression of hiracin JM79, a sec-dependent bacteriocin produced by Enterococcus hirae DCH5, isolated from Mallard ducks (Anas platyrhynchos).
cDNA deduced amino-acid sequences of two novel kappa-neurotoxins from Bungarus multicinctus.
Identification of apolipoprotein N-acyltransferase (Lnt) in mycobacteria.
Two novel multigene families, 530 and 300, in the terminal variable regions of African swine fever virus genome.
Characterization of the fusaric acid gene cluster in Fusarium fujikuroi.
FGT-1 is the major glucose transporter in C. elegans and is central to aging pathways.
Characterization of transcription factor gene SNAC2 conferring cold and salt tolerance in rice.
Isolation of a novel human gene, MARKL1, homologous to MARK3 and its involvement in hepatocellular carcinogenesis.
Differential expression and developmental regulation of a novel alpha-dystrobrevin isoform in muscle.
Biochemical and molecular characterization of the diphenol oxidase of Cryptococcus neoformans: identification as a laccase.
Identification of a novel basic helix-loop-helix-PAS factor, NXF, reveals a Sim2 competitive, positive regulatory role in dendritic-cytoskeleton modulator drebrin gene expression.
A genetic screen for increased loss of heterozygosity in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Nectin-3, a new member of immunoglobulin-like cell adhesion molecules that shows homophilic and heterophilic cell-cell adhesion activities.
Chromosomal mapping to 15q14 and expression analysis of the human MEIS2 homeobox gene.
Purification, characterization, and overexpression of psychrophilic and thermolabile malate dehydrogenase of a novel antarctic psychrotolerant, Flavobacterium frigidimaris KUC-1.
Protein kinase R contributes to immunity against specific viruses by regulating interferon mRNA integrity.
Complete amino acid sequence of a nonneurotoxic hemolytic protein from the venom of Haemachatus haemachates (African ringhals cobra).
Cell shape and division in Escherichia coli: experiments with shape and division mutants.
Fusicoccins are biosynthesized by an unusual chimera diterpene synthase in fungi.
Tel-2 is a novel transcriptional repressor related to the Ets factor Tel/ETV-6.
Glutamine synthetase II in Rhizobium: reexamination of the proposed horizontal transfer of DNA from eukaryotes to prokaryotes.
Glucose and gluconate metabolism in a mutant of Escherichia coli lacking gluconate-6-phosphate dehydrase.
Arabidopsis thaliana MIRO1 and MIRO2 GTPases are unequally redundant in pollen tube growth and fusion of polar nuclei during female gametogenesis.
Huntingtin interacts with a family of WW domain proteins.
The unconventional P-loop NTPase OsYchF1 and its regulator OsGAP1 play opposite roles in salinity stress tolerance.
TKRP125, a kinesin-related protein involved in the centrosome-independent organization of the cytokinetic apparatus in tobacco BY-2 cells.
Isolation and characterization of the Drosophila melanogaster gene encoding translation-initiation factor eIF-2 beta.
Cloning and localization of exon 5-containing isoforms of the NMDAR1 subunit in human and rat brains.
Mammalian inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase II can compensate for the absence of all three yeast Sac1-like-domain-containing 5-phosphatases.
cDNA cloning of a human homologue of the Caenorhabditis elegans cell fate-determining gene mab-21: expression, chromosomal localization and analysis of a highly polymorphic (CAG)n trinucleotide repeat.
Identification of a novel storage glycine-rich peptide from guava (Psidium guajava) seeds with activity against Gram-negative bacteria.
Factor XIII: a coagulation factor with multiple plasmatic and cellular functions.
The inducible N-acetylglucosamine catabolic pathway gene cluster in Candida albicans: discrete N-acetylglucosamine-inducible factors interact at the promoter of NAG1.
The classical arabinogalactan protein gene family of arabidopsis.
Purification and cDNA cloning of ARPP-16, a cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein enriched in basal ganglia, and of a related phosphoprotein, ARPP-19.
The NHX family of Na+-H+ exchangers in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular characterization of NOS in a mollusc: expression in a giant modulatory neuron.
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein D0B is a sequence-specific DNA-binding protein.
Molecular analysis of the isocitrate lyase gene (acu-7) of the mushroom Coprinus cinereus.
A novel member of the BTB/POZ family, PATZ, associates with the RNF4 RING finger protein and acts as a transcriptional repressor.
Cloning and functional expression of endothelin-converting enzyme from rat endothelial cells.
The nucleolar ubiquitin-specific protease USP36 deubiquitinates and stabilizes c-Myc.
Identification of mouse TRAP100: a transcriptional coregulatory factor for thyroid hormone and vitamin D receptors.
Active site and laminarin binding in glycoside hydrolase family 55.
A Kunitz proteinase inhibitor from corms of Xanthosoma blandum with bactericidal activity.
Molecular cloning of a novel splice variant of the alpha subunit of the mammalian Go protein.
Enzymatic pathway for the bacterial degradation of the cyanobacterial cyclic peptide toxin microcystin LR.
Identification and characterization of human Fas associated factor 1, hFAF1.
Molecular cloning of NKp46: a novel member of the immunoglobulin superfamily involved in triggering of natural cytotoxicity.
Peptidomic discovery of short open reading frame-encoded peptides in human cells.
Cloning and distribution of the rat parkin mRNA.
The Bacillus subtilis NatK-NatR two-component system regulates expression of the natAB operon encoding an ABC transporter for sodium ion extrusion.
Molecular characterization of novel interferon gamma receptor 1 isoforms in zebrafish (Danio rerio) and goldfish (Carassius auratus L.).
Novel estrogen and tamoxifen induced genes identified by SAGE (Serial Analysis of Gene Expression).
cDNA sequencing and analysis of POV1 (PB39): a novel gene up-regulated in prostate cancer.
Expression, inducer spectrum, domain structure, and function of MopR, the regulator of phenol degradation in Acinetobacter calcoaceticus NCIB8250.
The keratin-binding protein Albatross regulates polarization of epithelial cells.
Arxes: retrotransposed genes required for adipogenesis.
Nek11, a new member of the NIMA family of kinases, involved in DNA replication and genotoxic stress responses.
Identification and functional characterization of a novel, tissue-specific NAD(+)-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase beta subunit isoform.
Antitoxin MqsA helps mediate the bacterial general stress response.
Structural mechanism of laforin function in glycogen dephosphorylation and lafora disease.
Mitochondrial ribosomal RNA (rRNA) methyltransferase family members are positioned to modify nascent rRNA in foci near the mitochondrial DNA nucleoid.
Cloning, chromosomal mapping, and regulatory properties of the human type 9 adenylyl cyclase (ADCY9).
Two domains with amino-acid sequence similarity are required for dihydroneopterin aldolase function in the multifunctional folic acid synthesis Fas protein of Pneumocystis carinii.
EB1 and EB3 regulate microtubule minus end organization and Golgi morphology.
Amphibian skin secretomics: application of parallel quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry and peptide precursor cDNA cloning to rapidly characterize the skin secretory peptidome of Phyllomedusa hypochondrialis azurea: discovery of a novel peptide family, the hyposins.
A unique region in bacteriophage t7 DNA polymerase important for exonucleolytic hydrolysis of DNA.
DmTTF, a novel mitochondrial transcription termination factor that recognises two sequences of Drosophila melanogaster mitochondrial DNA.
Molecular cloning and expression, in both COS-1 cells and S. cerevisiae, of a human cytosolic type-IVA, cyclic AMP specific phosphodiesterase (hPDE-IVA-h6.1).
Identification of mokB involved in monacolin K biosynthesis in Monascus pilosus.
Screening for inter-individual splicing differences in human GSTM4 and the discovery of a single nucleotide substitution related to the tandem skipping of two exons.
A novel gene suppressed in the ventricle of carnitine-deficient juvenile visceral steatosis mice.
High-resolution structure of the major periplasmic domain from the cell shape-determining filament MreC.
Olfactory neurons expressing closely linked and homologous odorant receptor genes tend to project their axons to neighboring glomeruli on the olfactory bulb.
cDNA sequence of a Drosophila melanogaster gene, Dfur1, encoding a protein structurally related to the subtilisin-like proprotein processing enzyme furin.
Identification of peroxisomal proteins by using M13 phage protein VI phage display: molecular evidence that mammalian peroxisomes contain a 2,4-dienoyl-CoA reductase.
Cloned proteolipid protein and myelin basic protein cDNA. Transcription of the two genes during myelination.
Tityus serrulatus venom peptidomics: assessing venom peptide diversity.
Characterization of oleoyl-12-hydroxylase in castor microsomes using the putative substrate, 1-acyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine.
Chlamydia abortus YhbZ, a truncated Obg family GTPase, associates with the Escherichia coli large ribosomal subunit.
Genomic structure of the human cytosolic aldehyde dehydrogenase gene.
Functional and molecular features of the calmodulin-interacting protein IQCG required for haematopoiesis in zebrafish.
cDNA cloning of an intracellular form of the human interleukin 1 receptor antagonist associated with epithelium.
YAC-assisted cloning of a putative G-protein mapping to the MHC class I region.
POPCORN functions in the auxin pathway to regulate embryonic body plan and meristem organization in Arabidopsis.
Activation of cardiac and smooth muscle-specific genes in primary human cells after forced expression of human myocardin.
The Caenorhabditis elegans JNK signaling pathway activates expression of stress response genes by derepressing the Fos/HDAC repressor complex.
The two analogous phosphoglycerate mutases of Escherichia coli.
Structure of fasciculin 2 from green mamba snake venom: evidence for unusual loop flexibility.
Expression and function of conserved nuclear receptor genes in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular cloning of myostatin gene and characterization of tissue-specific and developmental stage-specific expression of the gene in orange spotted grouper, Epinephelus coioides.
Isolation, characterization, and expression analysis of zebrafish large Mafs.
Dribble, the Drosophila KRR1p homologue, is involved in rRNA processing.
Collagen processing and cuticle formation is catalysed by the astacin metalloprotease DPY-31 in free-living and parasitic nematodes.
The adhesion GPCR GPR126 has distinct, domain-dependent functions in Schwann cell development mediated by interaction with laminin-211.
Multifunctional-autoprocessing repeats-in-toxin (MARTX) Toxins of Vibrios.
Two dimerization domains in the trans-activation response RNA-binding protein (TRBP) individually reverse the protein kinase R inhibition of HIV-1 long terminal repeat expression.
Structure of the mouse sex peptide pheromone ESP1 reveals a molecular basis for specific binding to the class C G-protein-coupled vomeronasal receptor.
Methionine biosynthesis in Agrobacterium tumefaciens: study of the first enzyme.
Sequence and acute phase regulation of rat alpha 1-inhibitor III messenger RNA.
Identification and sequencing of a gene encoding a hydantoin racemase from the native plasmid of Pseudomonas sp. strain NS671.
Membrane topology of human NPC1L1, a key protein in enterohepatic cholesterol absorption.
Dysbindin, a novel coiled-coil-containing protein that interacts with the dystrobrevins in muscle and brain.
MUN (MERISTEM UNSTRUCTURED), encoding a SPC24 homolog of NDC80 kinetochore complex, affects development through cell division in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A novel putative helicase produced in early murine lymphocytes.
Identification of two aflatrem biosynthesis gene loci in Aspergillus flavus and metabolic engineering of Penicillium paxilli to elucidate their function.
Conservation of a master hematopoietic switch gene during vertebrate evolution: isolation and characterization of Ikaros from teleost and amphibian species.
Identification of BCOX1, a novel gene overexpressed in breast cancer.
Histidine 117 in the His-Gly-Ser-Asp motif is Required for the Biochemical Activities of Nucleoside Diphosphate Kinase of Mycobacterium smegmatis.
The primary structure of a human MAP kinase activated protein kinase 2.
A novel leucine-rich repeat protein (LRR-1): potential involvement in 4-1BB-mediated signal transduction.
Purification, characterization and biosynthesis of parabutoxin 3, a component of Parabuthus transvaalicus venom.
Cloning, sequencing, and enhanced expression of the dihydropteroate synthase gene of Escherichia coli MC4100.
Global analysis of carbohydrate utilization by Lactobacillus acidophilus using cDNA microarrays.
Myelin/oligodendrocyte glycoprotein is alternatively spliced in humans but not mice.
p116Rip decreases myosin II phosphorylation by activating myosin light chain phosphatase and by inactivating RhoA.
Cloning of a cDNA coding for the acetylcholine receptor alpha-subunit from a thymoma associated with myasthenia [correction of myastenia] gravis.
Cloning and characterization of a p53 and DNA damage down-regulated gene PIQ that codes for a novel calmodulin-binding IQ motif protein and is up-regulated in gastrointestinal cancers.
Isolation and characterization of the putative nuclear modifier gene MTO1 involved in the pathogenesis of deafness-associated mitochondrial 12 S rRNA A1555G mutation.
Identification of a putative transcription factor gene (WBSCR11) that is commonly deleted in Williams-Beuren syndrome.
A single human myosin light chain kinase gene (MLCK; MYLK).
A secretory protease inhibitor requires androgens for its expression in male sex accessory tissues but is expressed constitutively in pancreas.
A novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein-like protein interacts with NS1 of the minute virus of mice.
Proteomic analysis of a highly active photosystem II preparation from the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 reveals the presence of novel polypeptides.
Isolation of cDNA clones encoding human histone macroH2A1 subtypes.
Identification of PA2.26 antigen as a novel cell-surface mucin-type glycoprotein that induces plasma membrane extensions and increased motility in keratinocytes.
Phylogenomic analysis of the PEBP gene family in cereals.
Overexpression of a rice NPR1 homolog leads to constitutive activation of defense response and hypersensitivity to light.
Desmocollins form a distinct subset of the cadherin family of cell adhesion molecules.
A laccase with antiproliferative and HIV-I reverse transcriptase inhibitory activities from the mycorrhizal fungus Agaricus placomyces.
Myosin XVa localizes to the tips of inner ear sensory cell stereocilia and is essential for staircase formation of the hair bundle.
Purification and characterization of myofibril-bound serine proteinase from carp Cyprinus carpio ordinary muscle.
Structural and functional characterization of two genetically related meucin peptides highlights evolutionary divergence and convergence in antimicrobial peptides.
Afaf, a novel vesicle membrane protein, is related to acrosome formation in murine testis.
cDNA cloning and characterization of a rat spermatogenesis-associated protein RSP29.
Armadillo repeat-containing kinesins and a NIMA-related kinase are required for epidermal-cell morphogenesis in Arabidopsis.
The glycine cleavage system. Molecular cloning of the chicken and human glycine decarboxylase cDNAs and some characteristics involved in the deduced protein structures.
Nucleotide sequence of a Aspergillus parasiticus gene strongly repressed by thiamine.
Molecular genetic analysis reveals that a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene in Aspergillus nidulans is responsible for microperfuranone biosynthesis.
Structure and mechanism of the lipooligosaccharide sialyltransferase from Neisseria meningitidis.
Analysis of the Arabidopsis shoot meristem transcriptome during floral transition identifies distinct regulatory patterns and a leucine-rich repeat protein that promotes flowering.
Luqin-like RYamide peptides regulate food-evoked responses in <i>C. elegans</i>.
Structure determination of an FMN reductase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA01 using sulfur anomalous signal.
Differential splicing of Pneumocystis carinii f. sp. carinii inosine 5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase pre-mRNA.
Mutations in the "lid" region affect chain length specificity and thermostability of a Pseudomonas fragi lipase.
A novel homocysteine-responsive gene, smap8, modulates mitogenesis in rat vascular smooth muscle cells.
Complete genome sequence of bacteriophage T5.
Gene expression profiling in the human hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis and full-length cDNA cloning.
Periplasmic cleavage and modification of the 1-phosphate group of Helicobacter pylori lipid A.
Arabidopsis thaliana PGR7 encodes a conserved chloroplast protein that is necessary for efficient photosynthetic electron transport.
GTP regulates the interaction between MciZ and FtsZ: a possible role of MciZ in bacterial cell division.
Nine enzymes are required for assembly of the pacidamycin group of peptidyl nucleoside antibiotics.
cDNA and deduced primary structure of rat protein B23, a nucleolar protein containing highly conserved sequences.
Crystal Structures and Inhibitor Interactions of Mouse and Dog MTH1 Reveal Species-Specific Differences in Affinity.
Epithelial integrin alpha 6 beta 4: complete primary structure of alpha 6 and variant forms of beta 4.
heart of glass regulates the concentric growth of the heart in zebrafish.
3'-Phosphatase activity in T4 polynucleotide kinase.
Two homologous putative protein tyrosine phosphatases, OsPFA-DSP2 and AtPFA-DSP4, negatively regulate the pathogen response in transgenic plants.
Cloning and expression of a bovine glutamate transporter.
Smooth muscle myosin light chain kinase expression in cardiac and skeletal muscle.
SNEV is an evolutionarily conserved splicing factor whose oligomerization is necessary for spliceosome assembly.
Identification of CD245 as myosin 18A, a receptor for surfactant A: A novel pathway for activating human NK lymphocytes.
Human testis specifically expresses a homologue of the rodent T lymphocytes RT6 mRNA.
Identification and characterization of a widely expressed form of adenylyl cyclase.
Identification and characterization of two Ca2+/CaM-dependent protein kinases required for normal nuclear division in Aspergillus nidulans.
XMeis3 protein activity is required for proper hindbrain patterning in Xenopus laevis embryos.
SWELL1, a plasma membrane protein, is an essential component of volume-regulated anion channel.
Identification and immunochemical analysis of biologically active Drosophila P element transposase.
Identification and characterization of plant Haspin kinase as a histone H3 threonine kinase.
Identification and characterization of two novel primate-specific histone H3 variants, H3.X and H3.Y.
A thermotolerant and cold-active mannan endo-1,4-β-mannosidase from Aspergillus niger CBS 513.88: Constitutive overexpression and high-density fermentation in Pichia pastoris.
An Escherichia coli mutant lacking the cold shock-induced palmitoleoyltransferase of lipid A biosynthesis: absence of unsaturated acyl chains and antibiotic hypersensitivity at 12 degrees C.
Outer dense fibre proteins from human sperm tail: molecular cloning and expression analyses of two cDNA transcripts encoding proteins of approximately 70 kDa.
The non-glycosylated isoform of MIC26 is a constituent of the mammalian MICOS complex and promotes formation of crista junctions.
Parabutoporin--an antibiotic peptide from scorpion venom--can both induce activation and inhibition of granulocyte cell functions.
Characterization of a novel D2-like dopamine receptor with a truncated splice variant and a D1-like dopamine receptor unique to invertebrates from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Mouse Eya homologues of the Drosophila eyes absent gene require Pax6 for expression in lens and nasal placode.
Protostadienol biosynthesis and metabolism in the pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus.
Shaking the family tree: identification of novel and biologically active alternatively spliced isoforms across the KLF family of transcription factors.
Transcriptional activation by yeast PDR1p is inhibited by its association with NGG1p/ADA3p.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase: biochemical features of a crucial enzyme for mycobacterial cell wall biosynthesis.
A novel class of zinc finger/leucine zipper genes identified from the molecular cloning of the t(10;11) translocation in acute leukemia.
Cloning and sequencing of the gene encoding a novel lysine-specific cysteine proteinase (Lys-gingipain) in Porphyromonas gingivalis: structural relationship with the arginine-specific cysteine proteinase (Arg-gingipain).
Identification of an essential Drosophila gene that is homologous to the translation initiation factor eIF-4A of yeast and mouse.
Mdp3 is a novel microtubule-binding protein that regulates microtubule assembly and stability.
Genome sequence of Aedes aegypti, a major arbovirus vector.
A four PDZ domain-containing splice variant form of GRIP1 is localized in GABAergic and glutamatergic synapses in the brain.
Dynamics of brassinosteroid response modulated by negative regulator LIC in rice.
Identification and cloning of an mRNA coding for a germ cell-specific A-type lamin in mice.
Cell-specific properties of type V and type IX adenylyl cyclase isozymes in 293T cells and embryonic chick ventricular myocytes.
AF6q21, a novel partner of the MLL gene in t(6;11)(q21;q23), defines a forkhead transcriptional factor subfamily.
ILR1, an amidohydrolase that releases active indole-3-acetic acid from conjugates.
Novel putative SREBP and LXR target genes identified by microarray analysis in liver of cholesterol-fed mice.
Yeast mutants affected in viability upon starvation have a modified phospholipid composition.
Identification and analysis of two splice variants of human G2A generated by alternative splicing.
Molecular cloning of two types of cDNA encoding subunit RC6-I of rat proteasomes.
A novel F(420) -dependent anti-oxidant mechanism protects Mycobacterium tuberculosis against oxidative stress and bactericidal agents.
Molecular cloning of the human Edg2 protein and its identification as a functional cellular receptor for lysophosphatidic acid.
An Aspergillus nidulans β-mannanase with high transglycosylation capacity revealed through comparative studies within glycosidase family 5.
Serological identification and expression analysis of gastric cancer-associated genes.
Molecular cloning and characterization of pig immunoreceptor DAP10 and NKG2D.
Two related Epstein-Barr virus membrane proteins are encoded by separate genes.
Cloning and expression of a G protein-linked acetylcholine receptor from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Tissue-specific splicing of Omi stress-regulated endoprotease leads to an inactive protease with a modified PDZ motif.
The third human FER-1-like protein is highly similar to dysferlin.
Differential regulation of closely related R2R3-MYB transcription factors controls flavonol accumulation in different parts of the Arabidopsis thaliana seedling.
Expression of Btcl2, a novel member of Btcl gene family, during development of the central nervous system.
Kidins220/ARMS interacts with Pdzrn3, a protein containing multiple binding domains.
Substrate specificity of RdgB protein, a deoxyribonucleoside triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase.
Kasstasin: A novel potent vasoconstrictor peptide from the skin secretion of the African red-legged running frog, Kassina maculata.
Mechanistic Characterisation of Two Sesquiterpene Cyclases from the Plant Pathogenic Fungus Fusarium fujikuroi.
Identification of additional transcripts in the Williams-Beuren syndrome critical region.
Structure and function of L-lactate dehydrogenases from thermophilic and mesophilic bacteria, IV. The primary structure of the mesophilic lactate dehydrogenase from Bacillus subtilis.
A novel class of small amphipathic peptides affect aerial hyphal growth and surface hydrophobicity in Ustilago maydis.
Identification of a surface glycoprotein on African green monkey kidney cells as a receptor for hepatitis A virus.
Purification and characterization of the two molecular forms of Aspergillus oryzae acid protease.
Identification and characterization of novel splice variants of the human EPM2A gene mutated in Lafora progressive myoclonus epilepsy.
The transcriptional innate immune response to flg22. Interplay and overlap with Avr gene-dependent defense responses and bacterial pathogenesis.
Characterization of a novel Drosophila melanogaster acylphosphatase.
Human potassium channel genes: Molecular cloning and functional expression.
The envA permeability/cell division gene of Escherichia coli encodes the second enzyme of lipid A biosynthesis. UDP-3-O-(R-3-hydroxymyristoyl)-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase.
Disease resistance and abiotic stress tolerance in rice are inversely modulated by an abscisic acid-inducible mitogen-activated protein kinase.
A novel family of plant nuclear envelope-associated proteins.
The human MLL gene: nucleotide sequence, homology to the Drosophila trx zinc-finger domain, and alternative splicing.
Nonsynonymous mutations in an Fc-receptor structural gene in NZB mice.
Isolation and characterization of cDNA clones for Humly9: the human homologue of mouse Ly9.
The Sulfolobus solfataricus Lrp-like protein LysM regulates lysine biosynthesis in response to lysine availability.
The rat hepatoma cell line H4-II-E-C3 expresses high activities of the high-affinity glutamate transporter GLT-1A.
Loss of novel mda-7 splice variant (mda-7s) expression is associated with metastatic melanoma.
Tissue distribution and functional expression of a cDNA encoding a novel mixed lineage kinase.
Genome annotation of a 1.5 Mb region of human chromosome 6q23 encompassing a quantitative trait locus for fetal hemoglobin expression in adults.
Cloning of cDNAs for genes that are early-responsive to dehydration stress (ERDs) in Arabidopsis thaliana L.: identification of three ERDs as HSP cognate genes.
Olfactory plasticity is regulated by pheromonal signaling in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Stemar-13-ene synthase, a diterpene cyclase involved in the biosynthesis of the phytoalexin oryzalexin S in rice.
Wide diversity in structure and expression profiles among members of the Caenorhabditis elegans globin protein family.
Identification of a new functional splice variant of the enzyme methionine sulphoxide reductase A (MSRA) expressed in rat vascular smooth muscle cells.
Mlx, a new Max-like bHLHZip family member: the center stage of a novel transcription factors regulatory pathway?
A molecular neuroethological approach for identifying and characterizing a cascade of behaviorally regulated genes.
Evolutionary divergence of sedoheptulose 7-phosphate cyclases leads to several distinct cyclic products.
An Innate Immunity Pathway in the Moss Physcomitrella patens.
Distribution, inducibility and biological function of the cloned and expressed human beta Fc receptor II.
Mutation of a new gene encoding a putative pyrin-like protein causes familial cold autoinflammatory syndrome and Muckle-Wells syndrome.
Emk, a protein kinase with homologs in yeast maps to mouse chromosome 19.
The histone deacetylase 9 gene encodes multiple protein isoforms.
Identification of a novel mRNA-associated protein in oocytes of Pleurodeles waltl and Xenopus laevis.
Molecular cloning of a novel membrane glycoprotein, pal, specifically expressed in photoreceptor cells of the retina and containing leucine-rich repeat.
Cytosolic hydroxymethyldihydropterin pyrophosphokinase/dihydropteroate synthase from Arabidopsis thaliana: a specific role in early development and stress response.
A transporter regulating silicon distribution in rice shoots.
Interactions between beta 2-syntrophin and a family of microtubule-associated serine/threonine kinases.
Effects of alpha-erabutoxin, alpha-bungarotoxin, alpha-cobratoxin and fasciculin on the nicotine-evoked release of dopamine in the rat striatum in vivo.
Identification of two scyllo-inositol dehydrogenases in Bacillus subtilis.
Identification of a calcium permeable human acid-sensing ion channel 1 transcript variant.
Leiomodin is an actin filament nucleator in muscle cells.
ATP-facilitated chromatin assembly with a nucleoplasmin-like protein from Drosophila melanogaster.
Biochemical characterization and inhibitor discovery of shikimate dehydrogenase from Helicobacter pylori.
Deconstruction of iterative multidomain polyketide synthase function.
Roquin-2 promotes ubiquitin-mediated degradation of ASK1 to regulate stress responses.
A unique Ni2+ -dependent and methylglyoxal-inducible rice glyoxalase I possesses a single active site and functions in abiotic stress response.
The putative protein methyltransferase LAE1 controls cellulase gene expression in Trichoderma reesei.
Plant ABC proteins--a unified nomenclature and updated inventory.
A mouse homologue of Drosophila pins can asymmetrically localize and substitute for pins function in Drosophila neuroblasts.
Comparison of macrophage antimicrobial responses induced by type II interferons of the goldfish (Carassius auratus L.).
Complexity generation in fungal polyketide biosynthesis: a spirocycle-forming P450 in the concise pathway to the antifungal drug griseofulvin.
MicroRNAs regulate the timing of embryo maturation in Arabidopsis.
Dynein-Driven Retrograde Intraflagellar Transport Is Triphasic in C. elegans Sensory Cilia.
The Phanerochaete chrysosporium secretome: database predictions and initial mass spectrometry peptide identifications in cellulose-grown medium.
cDNA cloning and expression analysis of new members of the mammalian F-box protein family.
The cell wall hydroxyproline-rich glycoprotein RSH is essential for normal embryo development in Arabidopsis.
Biochemical characterization of the polysialic acid-specific O-acetyltransferase NeuO of Escherichia coli K1.
Design of histidine-rich peptides with enhanced bioavailability and inhibitory activity against hepatitis C virus.
Diverse forms of a receptor for acidic and basic fibroblast growth factors.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two novel retinoic acid-inducible orphan G-protein-coupled receptors (GPRC5B and GPRC5C).
Targeted disruption of the Kvlqt1 gene causes deafness and gastric hyperplasia in mice.
The kinesin AtPSS1 promotes synapsis and is required for proper crossover distribution in meiosis.
A novel candidate gene for mouse and human preaxial polydactyly with altered expression in limbs of Hemimelic extra-toes mutant mice.
Identification and characterization of a novel testicular germ cell-specific gene Ggnbp1.
Purification and functional characterization of SET8, a nucleosomal histone H4-lysine 20-specific methyltransferase.
Fructan 1-exohydrolases. beta-(2,1)-trimmers during graminan biosynthesis in stems of wheat? Purification, characterization, mass mapping, and cloning of two fructan 1-exohydrolase isoforms.
Novel nuclear-encoded subunits of the chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex.
A fourth human MEF2 transcription factor, hMEF2D, is an early marker of the myogenic lineage.
Characterization of harpy/Rca1/emi1 mutants: patterning in the absence of cell division.
Purification and sequence analysis of 4-methyl-5-nitrocatechol oxygenase from Burkholderia sp. strain DNT.
A K⁺ channel blocking peptide from the Cuban scorpion Rhopalurus garridoi.
Purification of a plant mediator from Arabidopsis thaliana identifies PFT1 as the Med25 subunit.
Crystallization and preliminary X-ray crystallographic analysis of an ice-binding protein (FfIBP) from Flavobacterium frigoris PS1.
The stress-activated protein kinase subfamily of c-Jun kinases.
HEED, the product of the human homolog of the murine eed gene, binds to the matrix protein of HIV-1.
MKK7 is a stress-activated mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase functionally related to hemipterous.
Structural and kinetic characterizations of the polysialic acid O-acetyltransferase OatWY from Neisseria meningitidis.
Extended FMRFamides in dipteran insects: conservative expression in the neuroendocrine system is accompanied by rapid sequence evolution.
Linkage mapping, molecular cloning and functional analysis of soybean gene Fg2 encoding flavonol 3-O-glucoside (1 → 6) rhamnosyltransferase.
Thiamine in Schizosaccharomyces pombe: dephosphorylation, intracellular pool, biosynthesis and transport.
Transactivating effect of hepatitis C virus core protein: a suppression subtractive hybridization study.
Mutually exclusive splicing of calcium-binding domain exons in chick alpha-actinin.
A single-repeat MYB transcription repressor, MYBH, participates in regulation of leaf senescence in Arabidopsis.
δ-Conotoxin SuVIA suggests an evolutionary link between ancestral predator defence and the origin of fish-hunting behaviour in carnivorous cone snails.
Phosphorylation of rat spermatidal protein TP2 by sperm-specific protein kinase A and modulation of its transport into the haploid nucleus.
Lumen Thiol Oxidoreductase1, a disulfide bond-forming catalyst, is required for the assembly of photosystem II in Arabidopsis.
Isolation and characterization of cDNA clones specifically expressed in testicular germ cells.
Differential expression of two types of the neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) gene transcripts related to neuronal differentiation.
Purifications and characterizations of a ferredoxin and its related 2-oxoacid:ferredoxin oxidoreductase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon, Sulfolobus solfataricus P1.
Jasmonic acid-dependent and -independent signaling pathways control wound-induced gene activation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Translation repression by GLD-1 protects its mRNA targets from nonsense-mediated mRNA decay in C. elegans.
Two biochemically distinct classes of fumarase in Escherichia coli.
Expression patterns of the four nuclear factor I genes during mouse embryogenesis indicate a potential role in development.
lola encodes a putative transcription factor required for axon growth and guidance in Drosophila.
MicroRNA silencing through RISC recruitment of eIF6.
Elf-2, a rhombotin-2 binding ets transcription factor: discovery and potential role in T cell leukemia.
Autosomal recessive hypercholesterolemia caused by mutations in a putative LDL receptor adaptor protein.
Location of chloride and its possible functions in oxygen-evolving photosystem II revealed by X-ray crystallography.
AtnMat2, a nuclear-encoded maturase required for splicing of group-II introns in Arabidopsis mitochondria.
Isolation and characterization of BEN, a member of the TFII-I family of DNA-binding proteins containing distinct helix-loop-helix domains.
Identification and characterization of KCASH2 and KCASH3, 2 novel Cullin3 adaptors suppressing histone deacetylase and Hedgehog activity in medulloblastoma.
Identification, sequence analysis and expression studies of novel anther-specific genes of Arabidopsis thaliana.
A plant-specific transcription factor IIB-related protein, pBRP2, is involved in endosperm growth control.
Discovery of proteinaceous N-modification in lysine biosynthesis of Thermus thermophilus.
Evolutionary conservation of histone macroH2A subtypes and domains.
A novel oncogene, ost, encodes a guanine nucleotide exchange factor that potentially links Rho and Rac signaling pathways.
Molecular characterization of a second copy of holocarboxylase synthetase gene (hcs2) in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Structure and expression of the rat inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor.
Flip and flop: a cell-specific functional switch in glutamate-operated channels of the CNS.
Human CPR (cell cycle progression restoration) genes impart a Far- phenotype on yeast cells.
Macoilin, a conserved nervous system-specific ER membrane protein that regulates neuronal excitability.
MAGI-1: a widely expressed, alternatively spliced tight junction protein.
Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide macrolide mycinamicin in Micromonospora griseorubida.
A novel functional human eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4G.
Identification of lipid droplet structure-like/resident proteins in Caenorhabditis elegans.
ERBIN: a basolateral PDZ protein that interacts with the mammalian ERBB2/HER2 receptor.
LET-413 is a basolateral protein required for the assembly of adherens junctions in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dra-nupC-pdp operon of Bacillus subtilis: nucleotide sequence, induction by deoxyribonucleosides, and transcriptional regulation by the deoR-encoded DeoR repressor protein.
Molecular cloning of the human cDNA for a stimulatory GDP/GTP exchange protein for c-Ki-ras p21 and smg p21.
Substrate promiscuity: AglB, the archaeal oligosaccharyltransferase, can process a variety of lipid-linked glycans.
Cloning of a new member of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gene family from mouse liver.
Cloning and analysis of unique human glutaminase isoforms generated by tissue-specific alternative splicing.
Identification of a novel cysteine string protein variant and expression of cysteine string proteins in non-neuronal cells.
Regulatory interaction of PRL1 WD protein with Arabidopsis SNF1-like protein kinases.
Isolation, structure elucidation, and synergistic antibacterial activity of a novel two-component lantibiotic lichenicidin from Bacillus licheniformis VK21.
Cytokine requirements for the growth and development of mouse NK cells in vitro.
Bacterial and plant HAD enzymes catalyse a missing phosphatase step in thiamin diphosphate biosynthesis.
Functional assignment of an enzyme that catalyzes the synthesis of an archaea-type ether lipid in bacteria.
Identification and functional analysis of splice variants of the germ cell soluble adenylyl cyclase.
GIP2, a putative transcription factor that regulates the aurofusarin biosynthetic gene cluster in Gibberella zeae.
Characterization of human PA2.26 antigen (T1alpha-2, podoplanin), a small membrane mucin induced in oral squamous cell carcinomas.
Crystal structure of chorismate synthase: a novel FMN-binding protein fold and functional insights.
Integrated conformational and lipid-sensing regulation of endosomal ArfGEF BRAG2.
Dynamics driving function: new insights from electron transferring flavoproteins and partner complexes.
A bifunctional delta-fatty acyl acetylenase/desaturase from the moss Ceratodon purpureus. A new member of the cytochrome b5 superfamily.
CHAMP, a novel cardiac-specific helicase regulated by MEF2C.
Golgi localization and functional expression of human uridine diphosphatase.
The cell-polarity protein Par6 links Par3 and atypical protein kinase C to Cdc42.
A mammalian PAR-3-PAR-6 complex implicated in Cdc42/Rac1 and aPKC signalling and cell polarity.
GEI-8, a homologue of vertebrate nuclear receptor corepressor NCoR/SMRT, regulates gonad development and neuronal functions in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning and characterization of a second member of the mouse mdr gene family.
The predominant protein-arginine methyltransferase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Characterization of the human DNAS1L2 gene and the molecular mechanism for its transcriptional activation induced by inflammatory cytokines.
Identification of Aspergillus fumigatus multidrug transporter genes and their potential involvement in antifungal resistance.
Folate-sensitive fragile site FRA10A is due to an expansion of a CGG repeat in a novel gene, FRA10AC1, encoding a nuclear protein.
Identification of nine tissue-specific transcription factors of the hepatocyte nuclear factor 3/forkhead DNA-binding-domain family.
The activity of a 70 kilodalton I kappa B molecule identical to the carboxyl terminus of the p105 NF-kappa B precursor is modulated by protein kinase A.
Ikaros, an early lymphoid-specific transcription factor and a putative mediator for T cell commitment.
A novel biotin protein required for reductive carboxylation of 2-oxoglutarate by isocitrate dehydrogenase in Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6.
Functional characterization of a Penicillium chrysogenum mutanase gene induced upon co-cultivation with Bacillus subtilis.
Overexpression, purification and crystallographic analysis of a unique adenosine kinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Structure of the trehalose-6-phosphate phosphatase from Brugia malayi reveals key design principles for anthelmintic drugs.
The gyrB gene lies opposite from the replication origin on the circular chromosome of Mycoplasma capricolum.
The role of nutrient regulation and the Gpa2 protein in the mating pheromone response of C. albicans.
A peptide chain release factor 2 affects the stability of UGA-containing transcripts in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.
malvolio, the Drosophila homologue of mouse NRAMP-1 (Bcg), is expressed in macrophages and in the nervous system and is required for normal taste behaviour.
Complementary DNA cloning of the alternatively expressed endothelial cell glycoprotein Ib beta (GPIb beta) and localization of the GPIb beta gene to chromosome 22.
Comprehensive comparative analysis of kinesins in photosynthetic eukaryotes.
Cloning and characterization of a p53-related protein kinase expressed in interleukin-2-activated cytotoxic T-cells, epithelial tumor cell lines, and the testes.
Complete coding sequence and deduced primary structure of the human cartilage large aggregating proteoglycan, aggrecan. Human-specific repeats, and additional alternatively spliced forms.
Cleavage preference distinguishes the two-component NS2B-NS3 serine proteinases of Dengue and West Nile viruses.
Characterization of the biosynthetic pathway of glucosylglycerate in the archaeon Methanococcoides burtonii.
BIP co-chaperone MTJ1/ERDJ1 interacts with inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 4.
The molybdate-binding protein (ModA) of the plant pathogen Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. citri.
JZTX-IV, a unique acidic sodium channel toxin isolated from the spider Chilobrachys jingzhao.
N-acetylgalactosamine utilization pathway and regulon in proteobacteria: genomic reconstruction and experimental characterization in Shewanella.
FD, a bZIP protein mediating signals from the floral pathway integrator FT at the shoot apex.
Coordinate genetic regulation of glycogen catabolism and biosynthesis in Escherichia coli via the CsrA gene product.
Review: The HSP90 molecular chaperone-an enigmatic ATPase.
Human METTL20 is a mitochondrial lysine methyltransferase that targets the β subunit of electron transfer flavoprotein (ETFβ) and modulates its activity.
EBE, an AP2/ERF transcription factor highly expressed in proliferating cells, affects shoot architecture in Arabidopsis.
Identification of novel isoforms of activin receptor-like kinase 7 (ALK7) generated by alternative splicing and expression of ALK7 and its ligand, Nodal, in human placenta.
Purification and structure of 3-methyladenine-DNA glycosylase I of Escherichia coli.
HAT4, a Golgi apparatus-anchored B-type histone acetyltransferase, acetylates free histone H4 and facilitates chromatin assembly.
Cloning and expression of a DNA ligase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Staphylothermus marinus and properties of the enzyme.
Characterization of recombinant glutamine synthetase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus sp. strain KOD1.
Genomic sequence and structure of the human ABCG1 (ABC8) gene.
Taking snapshots of photosynthetic water oxidation using femtosecond X-ray diffraction and spectroscopy.
Molecular basis of toxicity of N-type calcium channel inhibitor MVIIA.
Molecular cloning and characterization of EPI-1, the major protein in chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes) cauda epididymal fluid.
Differential expression of glutamate receptor subunits in the nervous system of Caenorhabditis elegans and their regulation by the homeodomain protein UNC-42.
A bioinformatics approach to the identification, classification, and analysis of hydroxyproline-rich glycoproteins.
AGPAT6 is a novel microsomal glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase.
Cloning and characterization of the neural isoforms of human dystonin.
Novel splice variants derived from the receptor tyrosine kinase superfamily are potential therapeutics for rheumatoid arthritis.
Properties and hormonal regulation of two structurally related cAMP phosphodiesterases from the rat Sertoli cell.
C. elegans Punctin specifies cholinergic versus GABAergic identity of postsynaptic domains.
Dusty protein kinases: primary structure, gene evolution, tissue specific expression and unique features of the catalytic domain.
dinP, a new gene in Escherichia coli, whose product shows similarities to UmuC and its homologues.
Expression of StMYB1R-1, a novel potato single MYB-like domain transcription factor, increases drought tolerance.
Characterization of DUF724 gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular cloning and subcellular distribution of the novel PDE4B4 cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase isoform.
Identification of two additional members of the membrane-bound dipeptidase family.
Canine rod transducin alpha-1: cloning of the cDNA and evaluation of the gene as a candidate for progressive retinal atrophy.
Molecular composition of the node of Ranvier: identification of ankyrin-binding cell adhesion molecules neurofascin (mucin+/third FNIII domain-) and NrCAM at nodal axon segments.
Analysis of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 promoter insertion in vivo.
Escherichia coli K1 polysialic acid O-acetyltransferase gene, neuO, and the mechanism of capsule form variation involving a mobile contingency locus.
Rice MADS3 regulates ROS homeostasis during late anther development.
The ergosterol biosynthesis pathway, transporter genes, and azole resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Overexpression of an R1R2R3 MYB gene, OsMYB3R-2, increases tolerance to freezing, drought, and salt stress in transgenic Arabidopsis.
Sequences of sea urchin kinesin light chain isoforms.
Metabolic redesign of vitamin E biosynthesis in plants for tocotrienol production and increased antioxidant content.
Characterization of novel gene expression related to glyoxal oxidase by agro-infiltration of the leaves of accession Baihe-35-1 of Vitis pseudoreticulata involved in production of H2O2 for resistance to Erysiphe necator.
Identification and transcriptional analysis of nitrate assimilation genes in the halophilic archaeon Haloferax mediterranei.
Studies on prephenoloxidase-activating enzyme from cuticle of the silkworm Bombyx mori. I. Activation reaction by the enzyme.
Identification and characterization of GSTT3, a third murine Theta class glutathione transferase.
A human homolog of Additional sex combs, ADDITIONAL SEX COMBS-LIKE 1, maps to chromosome 20q11.
A novel K+ channel with unique localizations in mammalian brain: molecular cloning and characterization.
Characterization of a new leiurotoxin I-like scorpion toxin. PO5 from Androctonus mauretanicus mauretanicus.
Accelerated cell death in Podospora autophagy mutants.
RGC-32 increases p34CDC2 kinase activity and entry of aortic smooth muscle cells into S-phase.
Two alternative pathways for the synthesis of the rare compatible solute mannosylglucosylglycerate in Petrotoga mobilis.
Identification of novel splice variants of ARNT and ARNT2 in the rat.
Arabidopsis thaliana mTERF proteins: evolution and functional classification.
Identification and characterization of bacterial diterpene cyclases that synthesize the cembrane skeleton.
Differential expression of two scribble isoforms during Drosophila embryogenesis.
Candida tropicalis Etr1p and Saccharomyces cerevisiae Ybr026p (Mrf1'p), 2-enoyl thioester reductases essential for mitochondrial respiratory competence.
Sequence characteristics, subcellular localization, and substrate specificity of DYRK-related kinases, a novel family of dual specificity protein kinases.
Sequence of human 5-aminolevulinate synthase cDNA.
A Mutation at the fad8 Locus of Arabidopsis Identifies a Second Chloroplast [omega]-3 Desaturase.
cDNAs with long CAG trinucleotide repeats from human brain.
Small espin: a third actin-bundling protein and potential forked protein ortholog in brush border microvilli.
Expression cassettes for formaldehyde and fluoroacetate resistance, two dominant markers in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The crystal structure of a bacterial class II ketol-acid reductoisomerase: domain conservation and evolution.
Transportin-SR is required for proper splicing of resistance genes and plant immunity.
Cloning of a probable potassium channel gene from mouse brain.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel kallikrein transcript in colon and its distribution in human tissues.
PERK-KIPK-KCBP signalling negatively regulates root growth in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Fast K(+) currents from cerebellum granular cells are completely blocked by a peptide purified from Androctonus australis Garzoni scorpion venom.
Identification and characterization of GIP1, an Arabidopsis thaliana protein that enhances the DNA binding affinity and reduces the oligomeric state of G-box binding factors.
The EARP Complex and Its Interactor EIPR-1 Are Required for Cargo Sorting to Dense-Core Vesicles.
Genetic and molecular characterization reveals a unique nucleobase cation symporter 1 in Arabidopsis.
MAGE-F1, a novel ubiquitously expressed member of the MAGE superfamily.
Membrane topology of mouse stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1.
LAF1, a MYB transcription activator for phytochrome A signaling.
Structure-function relationship of three neurotoxins from the venom of Naja kaouthia: a comparison between the NMR-derived structure of NT2 with its homologues, NT1 and NT3.
Relish, a central factor in the control of humoral but not cellular immunity in Drosophila.
Involvement of long chain fatty acid elongation in the trafficking of secretory vesicles in yeast.
Conservation of the MORF4 related gene family: identification of a new chromo domain subfamily and novel protein motif.
The immunosenescence-related gene Zizimin2 is associated with early bone marrow B cell development and marginal zone B cell formation.
The complete amino acid sequence and enzymatic properties of an i-type lysozyme isolated from the common orient clam (Meretrix lusoria).
Oncogenic conversion of a novel orphan nuclear receptor by chromosome translocation.
The amino acid sequence of ferredoxin from Clostridium acidi-urici.
A single gene encodes two different transcripts for the ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase small subunit from barley (Hordeum vulgare).
Cloning, analysis, and chromosomal localization of myoxin (MYH12), the human homologue to the mouse dilute gene.
Manganese lipoxygenase of F. oxysporum and the structural basis for biosynthesis of distinct 11-hydroperoxy stereoisomers.
Identification of cytosolic Mg2+-dependent soluble inorganic pyrophosphatases in potato and phylogenetic analysis.
Mass spectrometry analysis, amino acid sequence and biological activity of venom components from the Brazilian scorpion Opisthacanthus cayaporum.
Dissecting the beta-aminobutyric acid-induced priming phenomenon in Arabidopsis.
Cloning of a Grb2 isoform with apoptotic properties.
The complete structure of the chloroplast 70S ribosome in complex with translation factor pY.
A bacterial toxin catalyzing tyrosine glycosylation of Rho and deamidation of Gq and Gi proteins.
Analysis of the small GTPase gene superfamily of Arabidopsis.
HYPERSENSITIVE TO HIGH LIGHT1 interacts with LOW QUANTUM YIELD OF PHOTOSYSTEM II1 and functions in protection of photosystem II from photodamage in Arabidopsis.
Proteome map of the chloroplast lumen of Arabidopsis thaliana.
LcoP, an osmoregulated betaine/ectoine uptake system from Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Genomic organization, splice products and mouse chromosomal localization of genes for transcription factor Nuclear Factor One.
D-tyrosyl-tRNA(Tyr) metabolism in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Basolateral localization of the Caenorhabditis elegans epidermal growth factor receptor in epithelial cells by the PDZ protein LIN-10.
A growing family of dual specificity phosphatases with low molecular masses.
Identification of the GDP-N-acetyl-d-perosamine producing enzymes from Escherichia coli O157:H7.
Crystal structure of monomeric photosystem II from Thermosynechococcus elongatus at 3.6-a resolution.
A novel rice bHLH transcription factor, DTD, acts coordinately with TDR in controlling tapetum function and pollen development.
Characterization of the Drosophila ortholog of mouse eIF-3p48/INT-6.
Structural plasticity of mini-M conotoxins - expression of all mini-M subtypes by Conus regius.
The role of protein phosphatase 4 in regulating microtubule severing in the Caenorhabditis elegans embryo.
Identification of a novel transcriptional activator, BSAC, by a functional cloning to inhibit tumor necrosis factor-induced cell death.
Crystal structure of human mitochondrial acyl-CoA thioesterase (ACOT2).
Cloning, functional expression, and chromosomal localization of the human pancreatic islet glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor.
Cloning, sequence, and expression of a lipase gene from Pseudomonas cepacia: lipase production in heterologous hosts requires two Pseudomonas genes.
Receptor-independent activators of heterotrimeric G-protein signaling pathways.
Accumulation of palmitate in Arabidopsis mediated by the acyl-acyl carrier protein thioesterase FATB1.
Molecular analysis of human beta-arrestin-1: cloning, tissue distribution, and regulation of expression. Identification of two isoforms generated by alternative splicing.
Identification of the nukacin KQU-131, a new type-A(II) lantibiotic produced by Staphylococcus hominis KQU-131 isolated from Thai fermented fish product (Pla-ra).
Induction by zinc of specific metallothionein isoforms in human monocytes.
Protein fusions of beta-galactosidase to the ferrichrome-iron receptor of Escherichia coli K-12.
The C. elegans Mi-2 chromatin-remodelling proteins function in vulval cell fate determination.
Jupiter, a new Drosophila protein associated with microtubules.
Novel actin-related proteins Arp-T1 and Arp-T2 as components of the cytoskeletal calyx of the mammalian sperm head.
MCL-1S, a splicing variant of the antiapoptotic BCL-2 family member MCL-1, encodes a proapoptotic protein possessing only the BH3 domain.
Cloning of cDNAs and hybridization analysis of lysozymes from two oyster species, Crassostrea gigas and Ostrea edulis.
A murine fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptor expressed in CHO cells is activated by basic FGF and Kaposi FGF.
Molecular and expression analysis of a LIM protein gene family from flowering plants.
Pseudomonas syringae Effector Avirulence Protein E Localizes to the Host Plasma Membrane and Down-Regulates the Expression of the NONRACE-SPECIFIC DISEASE RESISTANCE1/HARPIN-INDUCED1-LIKE13 Gene Required for Antibacterial Immunity in Arabidopsis.
Phospholipid-hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase. Genomic DNA, cDNA, and deduced amino acid sequence.
Human CWC22 escorts the helicase eIF4AIII to spliceosomes and promotes exon junction complex assembly.
Sequencing and analysis of the prolate-headed lactococcal bacteriophage c2 genome and identification of the structural genes.
Identification, characterization and interaction of HAP family genes in rice.
Identification and characterization of oxalate oxidoreductase, a novel thiamine pyrophosphate-dependent 2-oxoacid oxidoreductase that enables anaerobic growth on oxalate.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa liuE gene encodes the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A lyase, involved in leucine and acyclic terpene catabolism.
GRASSIUS: a platform for comparative regulatory genomics across the grasses.
Molecular characterization of mitocalcin, a novel mitochondrial Ca2+-binding protein with EF-hand and coiled-coil domains.
Two meiotic crossover classes cohabit in Arabidopsis: one is dependent on MER3,whereas the other one is not.
Characterization and molecular cloning of two different type 2 ribosome-inactivating proteins from the monocotyledonous plant Polygonatum multiflorum.
Crystallization and characterization of an inflammatory lectin purified from the seeds of Dioclea wilsonii.
Mycobacterial Metabolic Syndrome: LprG and Rv1410 Regulate Triacylglyceride Levels, Growth Rate and Virulence in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Possible existence of lysosome-like organella within mitochondria and its role in mitochondrial quality control.
SVR4 (suppressor of variegation 4) and SVR4-like: two proteins with a role in proper organization of the chloroplast genetic machinery.
Debt91, a putative zinc finger protein differentially expressed during epithelial morphogenesis.
Purification and characterization of a lectin from the white shrimp Litopenaeus setiferus (Crustacea decapoda) hemolymph.
[The disulfide bridges of toxin II from Anemonia sulcata (author's transl)].
Purification, Biochemical Characterization, and Amino Acid Sequence of a Novel Type of Lectin from Aplysia dactylomela Eggs with Antibacterial/Antibiofilm Potential.
Discovery of a cytokine and its receptor by functional screening of the extracellular proteome.
FMRP associates with polyribosomes as an mRNP, and the I304N mutation of severe fragile X syndrome abolishes this association.
SLIDE, the protein interacting domain of Imitation Switch remodelers, binds DDT-domain proteins of different subfamilies in chromatin remodeling complexes.
Structure of Human Acid Sphingomyelinase Reveals the Role of the Saposin Domain in Activating Substrate Hydrolysis.
A locking mechanism preventing radical damage in the absence of substrate, as revealed by the x-ray structure of lysine 5,6-aminomutase.
The MerE protein encoded by transposon Tn21 is a broad mercury transporter in Escherichia coli.
FLOURY ENDOSPERM6 encodes a CBM48 domain-containing protein involved in compound granule formation and starch synthesis in rice endosperm.
cDNA cloning and characterization of A3i, an alternatively spliced rat A3 adenosine receptor variant.
SF20/IL-25, a novel bone marrow stroma-derived growth factor that binds to mouse thymic shared antigen-1 and supports lymphoid cell proliferation.
Discovery of novel human transcript variants by analysis of intronic single-block EST with polyadenylation site.
Crystal structure of the Golgi casein kinase.
Identification of a HAD superfamily phosphatase, HdpA, involved in 1,3-dihydroxyacetone production during sugar catabolism in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
A single receptor encoded by vzg-1/lpA1/edg-2 couples to G proteins and mediates multiple cellular responses to lysophosphatidic acid.
Genetic analysis of defecation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
GLABROUS INFLORESCENCE STEMS3 (GIS3) regulates trichome initiation and development in Arabidopsis.
PprI: a general switch responsible for extreme radioresistance of Deinococcus radiodurans.
Ubiquitin fold modifier 1 (UFM1) and its target UFBP1 protect pancreatic beta cells from ER stress-induced apoptosis.
Identification of two prokineticin cDNAs: recombinant proteins potently contract gastrointestinal smooth muscle.
SINE exonic insertion in the PTPLA gene leads to multiple splicing defects and segregates with the autosomal recessive centronuclear myopathy in dogs.
Abi-2, a novel SH3-containing protein interacts with the c-Abl tyrosine kinase and modulates c-Abl transforming activity.
Novel alpha- and omega-conotoxins from Conus striatus venom.
Molecular cloning and characterization of novel Morus alba germin-like protein gene which encodes for a silkworm gut digestion-resistant antimicrobial protein.
Structure and expression of three src2 homologues and a novel subfamily of flavoprotein monooxygenase genes revealed by the analysis of a 25kb fragment from Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome IV.
The mouse germ-cell-specific leucine-rich repeat protein NALP14: a member of the NACHT nucleoside triphosphatase family.
Solution structure of neurotoxin I from the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus. A nuclear magnetic resonance, distance geometry, and restrained molecular dynamics study.
Hsp90, the concertmaster: tuning transcription.
Purification and characterization of a novel enzyme, L-threo-3-hydroxyaspartate dehydratase, from Pseudomonas sp. T62.
Identification of secreted and cytosolic gelsolin in Drosophila.
Arabidopsis kinesin KP1 specifically interacts with VDAC3, a mitochondrial protein, and regulates respiration during seed germination at low temperature.
Analysis of UV-induced mutation spectra in Escherichia coli by DNA polymerase eta from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of the AE7 gene in Arabidopsis suggests that normal cell proliferation is essential for leaf polarity establishment.
Molecular cloning of two novel protein kinase genes from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Pcdp1 is a central apparatus protein that binds Ca(2+)-calmodulin and regulates ciliary motility.
A biosynthetic pathway for a prominent class of microbiota-derived bile acids.
Characterization of heterotrimeric G protein complexes in rice plasma membrane.
Genome-wide analysis of rice and Arabidopsis identifies two glyoxalase genes that are highly expressed in abiotic stresses.
X-linked anhidrotic (hypohidrotic) ectodermal dysplasia is caused by mutation in a novel transmembrane protein.
Association of a novel PDZ domain-containing peripheral Golgi protein with the Q-SNARE (Q-soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein (NSF) attachment protein receptor) protein syntaxin 6.
The N-end rule pathway controls multiple functions during Arabidopsis shoot and leaf development.
Determination of ligand-binding specificity by alternative splicing: two distinct growth factor receptors encoded by a single gene.
The product of the murine homolog of the Drosophila extra sex combs gene displays transcriptional repressor activity.
A receptor in pituitary and hypothalamus that functions in growth hormone release.
Isolation and characterization of an alternatively spliced variant of transcription factor Islet-1.
Gene limiting cadmium accumulation in rice.
A fluoroquinolone resistance protein from Mycobacterium tuberculosis that mimics DNA.
Alternative mRNA splice forms of NOXO1: differential tissue expression and regulation of Nox1 and Nox3.
cDNA sequence of Aldgh, the mouse homolog of the X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy gene.
The Arabidopsis onset of leaf death5 mutation of quinolinate synthase affects nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide biosynthesis and causes early ageing.
Identification of IL-18RAP mRNA truncated splice variants in human testis and the other human tissues.
ABCB5 identifies a therapy-refractory tumor cell population in colorectal cancer patients.
Identification of members of the protein phosphatase 1 gene family in the rat and enhanced expression of protein phosphatase 1 alpha gene in rat hepatocellular carcinomas.
The mature anther-preferentially expressed genes are associated with pollen fertility, pollen germination and anther dehiscence in rice.
Non-conservation of a catalytic residue in a dipeptidyl aminopeptidase IV-related protein encoded by a gene on human chromosome 7.
The organization of cytoplasmic ribosomal protein genes in the Arabidopsis genome.
Characterization of htAKR, a novel gene product in the aldo-keto reductase family specifically expressed in human testis.
Identification of a light-regulated MYB gene from an Arabidopsis transcription factor gene collection.
The human LDL receptor: a cysteine-rich protein with multiple Alu sequences in its mRNA.
Defective STAT signaling by the leptin receptor in diabetic mice.
Cloning, disruption and sequence of the gene encoding yeast C-5 sterol desaturase.
The lethal lambda S gene encodes its own inhibitor.
An Arabidopsis hydrophilic Ca2(+) -binding protein with a PEVK-rich domain, PCaP2, is associated with the plasma membrane and interacts with calmodulin and phosphatidylinositol phosphates.
Purification and characterization of two serine protease inhibitors from the hemolymph of Mythimna unipuncta.
Shal, Shab, and Shaw: three genes encoding potassium channels in Drosophila.
Functional comparison of the three isoforms of the Na+/Ca2+ exchanger (NCX1, NCX2, NCX3).
IL-17 is a neuromodulator of Caenorhabditis elegans sensory responses.
The synthetic form of a novel chicken beta-defensin identified in silico is predominantly active against intestinal pathogens.
Two similar peptides from the venom of the scorpion Pandinus imperator, one highly effective blocker and the other inactive on K+ channels.
The mycobacterial binuclear iron monooxygenases require a specific chaperonin-like protein for functional expression in a heterologous host.
Cryo-EM Structure of a Pre-catalytic Human Spliceosome Primed for Activation.
Regulating axon branch stability: the role of p190 RhoGAP in repressing a retraction signaling pathway.
Identification and characterization of a bacterial transport system for the uptake of pyruvate, propionate, and acetate in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
D-mef2: a Drosophila mesoderm-specific MADS box-containing gene with a biphasic expression profile during embryogenesis.
Phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase (PHGPx): more than an antioxidant enzyme?
A magnetic protein biocompass.
Characterization of two isoforms of a human DnaJ homologue, HSJ2.
Biosynthesis of butirosin in Bacillus circulans NRRL B3312: identification by sequence analysis and insertional mutagenesis of the butB gene involved in antibiotic production.
Male sex in houseflies is determined by <i>Mdmd</i>, a paralog of the generic splice factor gene <i>CWC22</i>.
cDNA clone for the human invariant gamma chain of class II histocompatibility antigens and its implications for the protein structure.
Structure-function aspects of PstS in multi-drug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Molecular cloning and expression of a murine homolog of the human poliovirus receptor gene.
Human thyroid peroxidase: complete cDNA and protein sequence, chromosome mapping, and identification of two alternately spliced mRNAs.
Isolation, chemical and functional characterization of several new K(+)-channel blocking peptides from the venom of the scorpion Centruroides tecomanus.
Regulation of the human leukocyte-derived arginine aminopeptidase/endoplasmic reticulum-aminopeptidase 2 gene by interferon-gamma.
Pomegranate Cultivars: Identification of the New IgE-Binding Protein Pommaclein and Analysis of Antioxidant Variability.
The origin of pyruvate: NADP+ oxidoreductase in mitochondria of Euglena gracilis.
Gene expression profiling in human fetal liver and identification of tissue- and developmental-stage-specific genes through compiled expression profiles and efficient cloning of full-length cDNAs.
Characterization of  glutathione amide reductase from Chromatium gracile. Identification of a novel thiol peroxidase (Prx/Grx) fueled by glutathione amide redox cycling.
Map-based cloning of a gene controlling omega-3 fatty acid desaturation in Arabidopsis.
UDP-galactose 4' epimerase (GALE) is essential for development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Isolation, characterization and molecular 3D model of human GDE4, a novel membrane protein containing glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase domain.
A novel mRNA expressed along brain ventricles.
A GAL4-based targeted activation tagging system in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification of high-molecular-weight proteins with multiple EGF-like motifs by motif-trap screening.
Cloning, characterization, and the complete 56.8-kilobase DNA sequence of the human NOTCH4 gene.
Regulation of alternative splicing of Gtf2ird1 and its impact on slow muscle promoter activity.
Polo kinases regulate C. elegans embryonic polarity via binding to DYRK2-primed MEX-5 and MEX-6.
The Arabidopsis thaliana mitogen-activated protein kinases MPK3 and MPK6 target a subclass of 'VQ-motif'-containing proteins to regulate immune responses.
The AAA-ATPase NVL2 is a component of pre-ribosomal particles that interacts with the DExD/H-box RNA helicase DOB1.
The hemoglobins of the sub-Antarctic fish Cottoperca gobio, a phyletically basal species--oxygen-binding equilibria, kinetics and molecular dynamics.
Arabidopsis HIT4 encodes a novel chromocentre-localized protein involved in the heat reactivation of transcriptionally silent loci and is essential for heat tolerance in plants.
Regulation of hyaluronidase activity by alternative mRNA splicing.
Two distinct MUS81-EME1 complexes from Arabidopsis process Holliday junctions.
OsMADS51 is a short-day flowering promoter that functions upstream of Ehd1, OsMADS14, and Hd3a.
A comparative study of nitrilases identified by genome mining.
Expression, imprinting, and evolution of rice homologs of the polycomb group genes.
Genomic survey and gene expression analysis of the basic leucine zipper transcription factor family in rice.
Evaluation of the SA locus in human hypertension.
The complete nucleotide sequences of cDNA clones coding for human myosin light chains 1 and 3.
The cell proliferation-associated antigen of antibody Ki-67: a very large, ubiquitous nuclear protein with numerous repeated elements, representing a new kind of cell cycle-maintaining proteins.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a transcription regulator with homology to GC-binding factor.
Characterization of a novel chromo domain gene in xp22.3 with homology to Drosophila msl-3.
Cloning and chromosomal mapping of the human DNA polymerase theta (POLQ), the eighth human DNA polymerase.
Regulated expression patterns of IRX-2, an Iroquois-class homeobox gene, in the human breast.
Whole genome sequence comparisons and "full-length" cDNA sequences: a combined approach to evaluate and improve Arabidopsis genome annotation.
Natural variation in Hd17, a homolog of Arabidopsis ELF3 that is involved in rice photoperiodic flowering.
Primary structure of the human 4F2 antigen heavy chain predicts a transmembrane protein with a cytoplasmic NH2 terminus.
E3, a hematopoietic-specific transcript directly regulated by the retinoic acid receptor alpha.
muscleblind, a gene required for photoreceptor differentiation in Drosophila, encodes novel nuclear Cys3His-type zinc-finger-containing proteins.
Identification of the ubiquitin-like domain of midnolin as a new glucokinase interaction partner.
Drosophila melanogaster-based screening for multihost virulence factors of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14 and identification of a virulence-attenuating factor, HudA.
Molecular cloning, expression and localization of human 105 kDa heat shock protein, hsp105.
Characterization of mouse epithelial protein lost in neoplasm (EPLIN) and comparison of mammalian and zebrafish EPLIN.
Characterization of the bovine PRKAG3 gene: structure, polymorphism, and alternative transcripts.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human trabeculin-alpha, a giant protein defining a new family of actin-binding proteins.
Crystal structure of HypA, a nickel-binding metallochaperone for [NiFe] hydrogenase maturation.
Human acetyl-CoA carboxylase 2. Molecular cloning, characterization, chromosomal mapping, and evidence for two isoforms.
Cloning and characterization of three human forkhead genes that comprise an FKHR-like gene subfamily.
A major QTL, Ghd8, plays pleiotropic roles in regulating grain productivity, plant height, and heading date in rice.
Identification of a third EXT-like gene (EXTL3) belonging to the EXT gene family.
[Identification and characterization of alternativly splicing variants for murine mater gene].
Multiple transcriptional variants and RNA editing in C18orf1, a novel gene with LDLRA and transmembrane domains on 18p11.2.
The alpha-N-acetyl-glucosaminidase gene is transcriptionally activated in male and female gametes prior to fertilization and is essential for seed development in Arabidopsis.
Assembly of asperlicin peptidyl alkaloids from anthranilate and tryptophan: a two-enzyme pathway generates heptacyclic scaffold complexity in asperlicin E.
Myocardin expression is regulated by Nkx2.5, and its function is required for cardiomyogenesis.
A new regulatory element that augments the Tax-dependent enhancer of human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 and cloning of cDNAs encoding its binding proteins.
The MKK7 gene encodes a group of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase kinases.
Molecular cloning and expression of palmitoyl-protein thioesterase 2 (PPT2), a homolog of lysosomal palmitoyl-protein thioesterase with a distinct substrate specificity.
Alternatively spliced forms in the cytoplasmic domain of the human growth hormone (GH) receptor regulate its ability to generate a soluble GH-binding protein.
Cloning, expression and CNS distribution of Kv4.3, an A-type K+ channel alpha subunit.
Three isoforms of synaptic scaffolding molecule and their characterization. Multimerization between the isoforms and their interaction with N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors and SAP90/PSD-95-associated protein.
Identification of ribosomal proteins specific to higher eukaryotic organisms.
Biochemical and physiological analyses of a hemolytic toxin isolated from a sea anemone Actineria villosa.
A novel poxvirus gene and its human homolog are similar to an E. coli lysophospholipase.
A novel EID family member, EID-3, inhibits differentiation and forms a homodimer or heterodimer with EID-2.
EH3 (ABHD9): the first member of a new epoxide hydrolase family with high activity for fatty acid epoxides.
The Bacillus subtilis ydcDE operon encodes an endoribonuclease of the MazF/PemK family and its inhibitor.
Revised nucleotide sequence of the gltP gene, which encodes the proton-glutamate-aspartate transport protein of Escherichia coli K-12.
Cloning of Drosophila GCN5: conserved features among metazoan GCN5 family members.
The beet R locus encodes a new cytochrome P450 required for red betalain production.
The monofunctional glycosyltransferase of Escherichia coli localizes to the cell division site and interacts with penicillin-binding protein 3, FtsW, and FtsN.
Cloning and characterization of a novel integrin beta3 subunit.
The Aquaporin Channel Repertoire of the Tardigrade Milnesium tardigradum.
Members of the NAP/SET family of proteins interact specifically with B-type cyclins.
The mining of toxin-like polypeptides from EST database by single residue distribution analysis.
The Arabidopsis GSQ5/DOG1 Cvi allele is induced by the ABA-mediated sugar signalling pathway, and enhances sugar sensitivity by stimulating ABI4 expression.
Architecture of the photosynthetic oxygen-evolving center.
The mouse and human IGSF6 (DORA) genes map to the inflammatory bowel disease 1 locus and are embedded in an intron of a gene of unknown function.
E2F-4 and E2F-5, two members of the E2F family, are expressed in the early phases of the cell cycle.
Catabolite degradation of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae: a genome-wide screen identifies eight novel GID genes and indicates the existence of two degradation pathways.
cDNA cloning and tissue-specific splicing variants of mouse hippostasin/TLSP (PRSS20).
GNB1L, a gene deleted in the critical region for DiGeorge syndrome on 22q11, encodes a G-protein beta-subunit-like polypeptide.
Mouse IL-1 receptor antagonist isoforms: complementary DNA cloning and protein expression of intracellular isoform and tissue distribution of secreted and intracellular IL-1 receptor antagonist in vivo.
Isolation and characterization of the human MRE11 homologue.
Structural insights into the recovery of aldolase activity in N-acetylneuraminic acid lyase by replacement of the catalytically active lysine with γ-thialysine by using a chemical mutagenesis strategy.
The tale of a resting gland: transcriptome of a replete venom gland from the scorpion Hottentotta judaicus.
Histone-like proteins in the purified Escherichia coli deoxyribonucleoprotein.
Localized XId3 mRNA activation in Xenopus embryos by cytoplasmic polyadenylation.
The genome sequence of Drosophila melanogaster.
A human DNA helicase homologous to the DNA cross-link sensitivity protein Mus308.
Identification of splicing variants of Frabin with partly different functions and tissue distribution.
Context-dependent activation or inhibition of Wnt-beta-catenin signaling by Kremen.
The candidate gene for the X-linked Kallmann syndrome encodes a protein related to adhesion molecules.
Initial characterization of anosmin-1, a putative extracellular matrix protein synthesized by definite neuronal cell populations in the central nervous system.
FAN1 activity on asymmetric repair intermediates is mediated by an atypical monomeric virus-type replication-repair nuclease domain.
Mutational analysis and reconstituted expression of the biosynthetic genes involved in the formation of 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid, the starter unit of rifamycin biosynthesis in amycolatopsis Mediterranei S699.
Ubiquitin-like activating enzymes BcAtg3 and BcAtg7 participate in development and pathogenesis of Botrytis cinerea.
GEK1, a gene product of Arabidopsis thaliana involved in ethanol tolerance, is a D-aminoacyl-tRNA deacylase.
Alternatively spliced products of the human kinesin light chain 1 (KNS2) gene.
EYS, encoding an ortholog of Drosophila spacemaker, is mutated in autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa.
Mextli is a novel eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein that promotes translation in Drosophila melanogaster.
Phosphorylation acts positively and negatively to regulate MRTF-A subcellular localisation and activity.
Structural and functional analysis of the apoptosis-associated tyrosine kinase (AATYK) family.
Biochemical characterization of a novel hypoxanthine/xanthine dNTP pyrophosphatase from Methanococcus jannaschii.
Motor discoordination results from combined gene disruption of the NMDA receptor NR2A and NR2C subunits, but not from single disruption of the NR2A or NR2C subunit.
Chemotypic and genotypic diversity in the ergot alkaloid pathway of Aspergillus fumigatus.
An Fc receptor structurally related to MHC class I antigens.
Cloning and expression of human mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 7gamma1.
Identification of emodinanthrone oxygenase in fungus Aspergillus terreus.
A cDNA from the ovarian cancer critical region of deletion on chromosome 17p13.3.
Repression of the Escherichia coli modABCD (molybdate transport) operon by ModE.
A secreted aminopeptidase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Identification, primary structure, and relationship to other aminopeptidases.
Calsarcins, a novel family of sarcomeric calcineurin-binding proteins.
GIBBERELLIN INSENSITIVE DWARF1 encodes a soluble receptor for gibberellin.
Structure of the T4 baseplate and its function in triggering sheath contraction.
NMR analysis and sequence of toxin II from the sea anemone Radianthus paumotensis.
Myosin II regulation during C. elegans embryonic elongation: LET-502/ROCK, MRCK-1 and PAK-1, three kinases with different roles.
SRCP1 Conveys Resistance to Polyglutamine Aggregation.
The contribution of Arabidopsis homologs of L-gulono-1,4-lactone oxidase to the biosynthesis of ascorbic acid.
The GIT family of ADP-ribosylation factor GTPase-activating proteins. Functional diversity of GIT2 through alternative splicing.
AtNIGT1/HRS1 integrates nitrate and phosphate signals at the Arabidopsis root tip.
Ef7 encodes an ELF3-like protein and promotes rice flowering by negatively regulating the floral repressor gene Ghd7 under both short- and long-day conditions.
Multiple splice variants of Par3 and of a novel related gene, Par3L, produce proteins with different binding properties.
Motch A and motch B--two mouse Notch homologues coexpressed in a wide variety of tissues.
Isolation and Characterization of Reticuline N-Methyltransferase Involved in Biosynthesis of the Aporphine Alkaloid Magnoflorine in Opium Poppy.
Podoplanin is a substrate of presenilin-1/γ-secretase.
Structure of chorismate synthase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
RIP1, a member of an Arabidopsis protein family, interacts with the protein RARE1 and broadly affects RNA editing.
Integrators of the cytoskeleton that stabilize microtubules.
Rapid chemical characterization of bacterial terpene synthases.
Clostridium difficile toxin B: characterization and sequence of three peptides.
Plant DNA polymerase lambda, a DNA repair enzyme that functions in plant meristematic and meiotic tissues.
Features of the parkin/ariadne-like ubiquitin ligase, HHARI, that regulate its interaction with the ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme, Ubch7.
Xpat, a gene expressed specifically in germ plasm and primordial germ cells of Xenopus laevis.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of an alternatively spliced variant of human heparanase.
Alternative splicing of lactophorin mRNA from lactating mammary gland of the camel (Camelus dromedarius).
Three novel sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA) 3 isoforms. Expression, regulation, and function of the membranes of the SERCA3 family.
Genetic basis of mitochondrial function and morphology in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
RasGRP4, a new mast cell-restricted Ras guanine nucleotide-releasing protein with calcium- and diacylglycerol-binding motifs. Identification of defective variants of this signaling protein in asthma, mastocytosis, and mast cell leukemia patients and demonstration of the importance of RasGRP4 in mast cell development and function.
ChLae1 and ChVel1 regulate T-toxin production, virulence, oxidative stress response, and development of the maize pathogen Cochliobolus heterostrophus.
Assignment of the human dUTPase gene (DUT) to chromosome 15q15-q21. 1 by fluorescence in situ hybridization.
Molecular characterization of a novel senescence-associated gene SPA15 induced during leaf senescence in sweet potato.
IRX4 at 5p15 suppresses prostate cancer growth through the interaction with vitamin D receptor, conferring prostate cancer susceptibility.
The involvement of coenzyme A esters in the dehydration of (R)-phenyllactate to (E)-cinnamate by Clostridium sporogenes.
Ospdr9, which encodes a PDR-type ABC transporter, is induced by heavy metals, hypoxic stress and redox perturbations in rice roots.
Thermostable phenylalanine dehydrogenase of Thermoactinomyces intermedius: cloning, expression, and sequencing of its gene.
Insights from the first putative biosynthetic gene cluster for a lichen depside and depsidone.
A novel sulfonylurea receptor forms with BIR (Kir6.2) a smooth muscle type ATP-sensitive K+ channel.
The mitochondrial calcium uniporter is a multimer that can include a dominant-negative pore-forming subunit.
Alternative splicing results in two different transcripts for H-protein of the glycine cleavage system in the C4 species Flaveria trinervia.
Functional cloning and mutational analysis of the human cDNA for phosphoacetylglucosamine mutase: identification of the amino acid residues essential for the catalysis.
Identification and molecular cloning of two new 30-kDa insulin-like growth factor binding proteins isolated from adult human serum.
Novel N-terminal and Lysine Methyltransferases That Target Translation Elongation Factor 1A in Yeast and Human.
Zebrafish fgfr1 is a member of the fgf8 synexpression group and is required for fgf8 signalling at the midbrain-hindbrain boundary.
Genomic structure and chromosome location of the human mutT homologue gene MTH1 encoding 8-oxo-dGTPase for prevention of A:T to C:G transversion.
FimB regulates FimA fimbriation in Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Organization of the murine and human interleukin-7 receptor genes: two mRNAs generated by differential splicing and presence of a type I-interferon-inducible promoter.
NFAT5, a constitutively nuclear NFAT protein that does not cooperate with Fos and Jun.
GASSHO1 and GASSHO2 encoding a putative leucine-rich repeat transmembrane-type receptor kinase are essential for the normal development of the epidermal surface in Arabidopsis embryos.
An FMN hydrolase of the haloacid dehalogenase superfamily is active in plant chloroplasts.
Splice variants of the dual specificity tyrosine phosphorylation-regulated kinase 4 (DYRK4) differ in their subcellular localization and catalytic activity.
TGF-beta 1 binding protein: a component of the large latent complex of TGF-beta 1 with multiple repeat sequences.
A family of LIM domain-associated cofactors confer transcriptional synergism between LIM and Otx homeodomain proteins.
Two novel MYB homologues with changed expression in late embryogenesis-defective Arabidopsis mutants.
Identification of Nd1, a novel murine kelch family protein, involved in stabilization of actin filaments.
Absence of erythroblast macrophage protein (Emp) leads to failure of erythroblast nuclear extrusion.
MERISTEM-DEFECTIVE, an RS domain protein, is required for the correct meristem patterning and function in Arabidopsis.
Epidermal cell density is autoregulated via a secretory peptide, EPIDERMAL PATTERNING FACTOR 2 in Arabidopsis leaves.
Enhancement of glutamine utilization in Bacillus subtilis through the GlnK-GlnL two-component regulatory system.
Molecular cloning and characterization of fox testis kinectin.
Identification of mature peptides from pban and capa genes of the moths Heliothis peltigera and Spodoptera littoralis.
Centriolar satellites assemble centrosomal microcephaly proteins to recruit CDK2 and promote centriole duplication.
A silicon transporter in rice.
The carboxyl terminus of B class ephrins constitutes a PDZ domain binding motif.
hTid-1, a human DnaJ protein, modulates the interferon signaling pathway.
Purification and Characterization of Latent Polyphenol Oxidase from Apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.).
The Arabidopsis B-box zinc finger family.
Afadin: A key molecule essential for structural organization of cell-cell junctions of polarized epithelia during embryogenesis.
Remarkable expression in the colon adenocarcinoma of Hmat-Xa, a human mannosyltransferase-like gene, that is homologous to drosophila gene GC15914.
Novel Fc gamma receptor I family gene products in human mononuclear cells.
Inactivation of the invasion inhibitory gene IIp45 by alternative splicing in gliomas.
Spindle assembly checkpoint protein dynamics reveal conserved and unsuspected roles in plant cell division.
p97-dependent retrotranslocation and proteolytic processing govern formation of active Nrf1 upon proteasome inhibition.
Mutation in LSU4 gene affects flower development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Structural Basis for Cooperative Function of Mettl3 and Mettl14 Methyltransferases.
Isolation and characterization of haemoporin, an abundant haemolymph protein from Aplysia californica.
Distinct iron-sulfur cluster assembly complexes exist in the cytosol and mitochondria of human cells.
Specific interactions between Dicer-like proteins and HYL1/DRB-family dsRNA-binding proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Leiomodin and tropomodulin in smooth muscle.
Apoptotic properties of the type 1 interferon induced family of human mitochondrial membrane ISG12 proteins.
Purification, gene cloning, amino acid sequence analysis, and expression of an extracellular lipase from an Aeromonas hydrophila human isolate.
Alternative splicing variants of the human DBL (MCF-2) proto-oncogene.
Isolation and characterization of a novel human NM23-H1B gene, a different transcript of NM23-H1.
Cloning, expression, and chromosomal mapping of a human ATPase II gene, member of the third subfamily of P-type ATPases and orthologous to the presumed bovine and murine aminophospholipid translocase.
LFR, which encodes a novel nuclear-localized Armadillo-repeat protein, affects multiple developmental processes in the aerial organs in Arabidopsis.
The minibrain kinase homolog, mbk-2, is required for spindle positioning and asymmetric cell division in early C. elegans embryos.
Molecular cloning, expression and characterization of pyridoxamine-pyruvate aminotransferase.
Mutations in LMX1B cause abnormal skeletal patterning and renal dysplasia in nail patella syndrome.
Crystal structure of the histone acetyltransferase Hpa2: A tetrameric member of the Gcn5-related N-acetyltransferase superfamily.
Na+/Ca2+ exchanger isoforms of rat odontoblasts and osteoblasts.
A novel candidate for the true fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase in archaea.
Purification and characterization of a novel laccase from the edible mushroom Hericium coralloides.
Systematic Nomenclature for GGDEF and EAL Domain-Containing Cyclic Di-GMP Turnover Proteins of Escherichia coli.
A new gene coding for an antigen recognized by autologous cytolytic T lymphocytes on a human renal carcinoma.
A mammalian H+ channel generated through alternative splicing of the NADPH oxidase homolog NOH-1.
An inner membrane cytochrome required only for reduction of high redox potential extracellular electron acceptors.
A gene encoding a chloroplast omega-3 fatty acid desaturase complements alterations in fatty acid desaturation and chloroplast copy number of the fad7 mutant of Arabidopsis thaliana.
CeMyoD accumulation defines the body wall muscle cell fate during C. elegans embryogenesis.
Properties of St I and St II, two isotoxins isolated from Stichodactyla helianthus: a comparison.
New cofactor supports α,β-unsaturated acid decarboxylation via 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition.
Cloning of a novel four repeat protein related to voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels.
Novel mitochondria-targeted heat-soluble proteins identified in the anhydrobiotic Tardigrade improve osmotic tolerance of human cells.
Insight into the role of sugars in bud burst under light in the rose.
Phylloquinone (vitamin K(1) ) biosynthesis in plants: two peroxisomal thioesterases of Lactobacillales origin hydrolyze 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoyl-CoA.
Marked sexual dimorphism of lacrimal gland peroxidase in hamster: repression by androgens and estrogens.
Members of the evolutionarily conserved PMT family of protein O-mannosyltransferases form distinct protein complexes among themselves.
The 14-3-3 Protein Homolog ArtA Regulates Development and Secondary Metabolism in the Opportunistic Plant Pathogen Aspergillus flavus.
Aczonin, a 550-kD putative scaffolding protein of presynaptic active zones, shares homology regions with Rim and Bassoon and binds profilin.
Characterization and chromosomal mapping of the gene encoding the cellular DNA binding protein ILF.
Comparative proteomic analysis of female and male venoms from the Mexican scorpion Centruroides limpidus: Novel components found.
The ihog cell-surface proteins bind Hedgehog and mediate pathway activation.
Chromosomal mapping, tissue distribution and cDNA sequence of four-and-a-half LIM domain protein 1 (FHL1).
Allergenic lipid transfer proteins from plant-derived foods do not immunologically and clinically behave homogeneously: the kiwifruit LTP as a model.
Floral transcription factor AGAMOUS interacts in vitro with a leucine-rich repeat and an acid phosphatase protein complex.
Cloning and expression of a human voltage-gated potassium channel. A novel member of the RCK potassium channel family.
Identification and biochemical characterization of two functional CMP-sialic acid synthetases in Danio rerio.
Functional analysis of MycCI and MycG, cytochrome P450 enzymes involved in biosynthesis of mycinamicin macrolide antibiotics.
Multiple resistance mechanisms among Aspergillus fumigatus mutants with high-level resistance to itraconazole.
Structural and enzymatic characterization of DR1281: A calcineurin-like phosphoesterase from Deinococcus radiodurans.
Cytochrome P450-dependent metabolism of oxylipins in tomato. Cloning and expression of allene oxide synthase and fatty acid hydroperoxide lyase.
The novel chemokine receptor, G-protein-coupled receptor 75, is expressed by islets and is coupled to stimulation of insulin secretion and improved glucose homeostasis.
PpATG9 encodes a novel membrane protein that traffics to vacuolar membranes, which sequester peroxisomes during pexophagy in Pichia pastoris.
Expression of Ndrg2 in the rat frontal cortex after antidepressant and electroconvulsive treatment.
Molecular cloning of mRNA sequences transiently induced during rat liver regeneration.
Identification of an aspartylglucosaminidase-like protein in the venom of the parasitic wasp Asobara tabida (Hymenoptera: Braconidae).
A Fourier transform infrared study of Neurospora rhodopsin: similarities with archaeal rhodopsins.
A truncated isoform of human CCK-B/gastrin receptor generated by alternative usage of a novel exon.
Proteomics analyses reveal the evolutionary conservation and divergence of N-terminal acetyltransferases from yeast and humans.
The protein Id: a negative regulator of helix-loop-helix DNA binding proteins.
The Arabidopsis C2H2 zinc finger INDETERMINATE DOMAIN1/ENHYDROUS promotes the transition to germination by regulating light and hormonal signaling during seed maturation.
Mechanism of the intramolecular Claisen condensation reaction catalyzed by MenB, a crotonase superfamily member.
Characterization of and modulation by a beta-subunit of a human maxi KCa channel cloned from myometrium.
Sensory deficits in mice hypomorphic for a mammalian homologue of unc-53.
Multiple antimicrobial peptides and peptides related to bradykinin and neuromedin N isolated from skin secretions of the pickerel frog, Rana palustris.
WW domain-containing FBP-30 is regulated by p53.
Endothelial LGALS9 splice variant expression in endothelial cell biology and angiogenesis.
Methylglyoxal resistance in Bacillus subtilis: contributions of bacillithiol-dependent and independent pathways.
The rice acyl-CoA-binding protein gene family: phylogeny, expression and functional analysis.
Identification of cis-elements that regulate gene expression during initiation of axillary bud outgrowth in Arabidopsis.
Human MAFA has alternatively spliced variants.
Cloning and characterization of a novel splice variant of human Rab18 gene (RAB18).
Bidirectional imprinting of a single gene: GNAS1 encodes maternally, paternally, and biallelically derived proteins.
Expression of two variants of the human mu opioid receptor mRNA in SK-N-SH cells and human brain.
Malolactic enzyme of Lactobacillus plantarum. Purification, properties, and distribution among bacteria.
Expression, regulation and polymorphism of the mxi1 genes.
ArnS, a kinase involved in starvation-induced archaellum expression.
Cep169, a Novel Microtubule Plus-End-Tracking Centrosomal Protein, Binds to CDK5RAP2 and Regulates Microtubule Stability.
LST1: a gene with extensive alternative splicing and immunomodulatory function.
MEIOTIC F-BOX Is Essential for Male Meiotic DNA Double-Strand Break Repair in Rice.
Ru2 and Ru encode mouse orthologs of the genes mutated in human Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome types 5 and 6.
A cell surface protein with herpesvirus entry activity (HveB) confers susceptibility to infection by mutants of herpes simplex virus type 1, herpes simplex virus type 2, and pseudorabies virus.
Molecular cloning, expression, and regulation of hippocampal amyloid precursor protein of senescence accelerated mouse (SAMP8).
Two forms of the nucleoside diphosphate kinase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa 8830: altered specificity of nucleoside triphosphate synthesis by the cell membrane-associated form of the truncated enzyme.
Mosquito ecdysteroid receptor: analysis of the cDNA and expression during vitellogenesis.
Nato3 is an evolutionarily conserved bHLH transcription factor expressed in the CNS of Drosophila and mouse.
Association of calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase II with developmentally regulated splice variants of the postsynaptic density protein densin-180.
GL3 encodes a bHLH protein that regulates trichome development in arabidopsis through interaction with GL1 and TTG1.
Reciprocal regulation of anaerobic and aerobic cell wall mannoprotein gene expression in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A family of 12 human genes containing oxysterol-binding domains.
Complete nucleotide sequence of cDNA and predicted amino acid sequence of rat acyl-CoA oxidase.
Differential synthesis of type 1 and type 2 desmocollin mRNAs in human stratified epithelia.
Biosynthetic pathway for the epipolythiodioxopiperazine acetylaranotin in Aspergillus terreus revealed by genome-based deletion analysis.
hKChIP2 is a functional modifier of hKv4.3 potassium channels: cloning and expression of a short hKChIP2 splice variant.
A human homolog of Drosophila lethal(3)malignant brain tumor (l(3)mbt) protein associates with condensed mitotic chromosomes.
Cardiac sodium channel regulator MOG1 regulates cardiac morphogenesis and rhythm.
Sequence of the malK gene in E.coli K12.
Isolation and characterization of MUC15, a novel cell membrane-associated mucin.
The Arabidopsis cell cycle checkpoint regulators TANMEI/ALT2 and ATR mediate the active process of aluminum-dependent root growth inhibition.
Identification of multiple pregnancy-associated glycoproteins (PAGs) purified from the European bison (Eb; Bison bonasus L.) placentas.
Identification of the Drosophila progenitor of mammalian Krüppel-like factors 6 and 7 and a determinant of fly development.
Oocyte specific oolemmal SAS1B involved in sperm binding through intra-acrosomal SLLP1 during fertilization.
Identification and characterization of a new human type 9 cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase splice variant (PDE9A5). Differential tissue distribution and subcellular localization of PDE9A variants.
A POLYCOMB group gene of rice (Oryza sativa L. subspecies indica), OsiEZ1, codes for a nuclear-localized protein expressed preferentially in young seedlings and during reproductive development.
Membrane protein GARP is a receptor for latent TGF-beta on the surface of activated human Treg.
A rice transient assay system identifies a novel domain in NRR required for interaction with NH1/OsNPR1 and inhibition of NH1-mediated transcriptional activation.
Molecular characterization of two human autoantigens: unique cDNAs encoding 95- and 160-kD proteins of a putative family in the Golgi complex.
A role for leptin and its cognate receptor in hematopoiesis.
Discovery and characterization of a Ca2+-independent phosphatidylethanolamine N-acyltransferase generating the anandamide precursor and its congeners.
Molecular cloning and sequencing of rat Max cDNA: castration-induced expression of the 2 kb transcript in male accessory sex organs of rats.
Adipolin/C1qdc2/CTRP12 protein functions as an adipokine that improves glucose metabolism.
The hnRNP 2H9 gene, which is involved in the splicing reaction, is a multiply spliced gene.
Genome-wide ORFeome cloning and analysis of Arabidopsis transcription factor genes.
Identification of a gene family (kat) encoding kinesin-like proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana and the characterization of secondary structure of KatA.
Crystal structures of the CBS and DRTGG domains of the regulatory region of Clostridiumperfringens pyrophosphatase complexed with the inhibitor, AMP, and activator, diadenosine tetraphosphate.
Characterization of three novel members of the Arabidopsis SHAGGY-related protein kinase (ASK) multigene family.
A highly conserved basidiomycete peptide synthetase produces a trimeric hydroxamate siderophore.
Molecular identification and characterisation of the human eag2 potassium channel.
Nonneuronal isoforms of STOP protein are responsible for microtubule cold stability in mammalian fibroblasts.
Simultaneous femtosecond X-ray spectroscopy and diffraction of photosystem II at room temperature.
Characterization of the human Ly-6 antigens, the newly annotated member Ly-6K included, as molecular markers for head-and-neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Identification of novel human genes evolutionarily conserved in Caenorhabditis elegans by comparative proteomics.
Medicago LYK3, an entry receptor in rhizobial nodulation factor signaling.
EDS1, an essential component of R gene-mediated disease resistance in Arabidopsis has homology to eukaryotic lipases.
Protein misfolding induces hypoxic preconditioning via a subset of the unfolded protein response machinery.
Alternatively spliced protein variants as potential therapeutic targets for male infertility and contraception.
Arabidopsis JACKDAW and MAGPIE zinc finger proteins delimit asymmetric cell division and stabilize tissue boundaries by restricting SHORT-ROOT action.
LAF3, a novel factor required for normal phytochrome A signaling.
Leukemia inhibitory factor receptor is structurally related to the IL-6 signal transducer, gp130.
ASY1 mediates AtDMC1-dependent interhomolog recombination during meiosis in Arabidopsis.
Expressed sequence tags and genes associated with loline alkaloid expression by the fungal endophyte Neotyphodium uncinatum.
Molecular cloning of human prostate specific antigen cDNA.
The "icefish paradox." Which is the task of neuroglobin in Antarctic hemoglobin-less icefish?
Characterization of the amdA-regulated aciA gene of Aspergillus nidulans.
Jumonji domain protein JMJD5 functions in both the plant and human circadian systems.
Mutations Modulating Raf signaling in Drosophila eye development.
An amino-terminal domain of Mxi1 mediates anti-Myc oncogenic activity and interacts with a homolog of the yeast transcriptional repressor SIN3.
Characterization of the gene for pyruvate,orthophosphate dikinase from rice, a C3 plant, and a comparison of structure and expression between C3 and C4 genes for this protein.
Myoferlin, a candidate gene and potential modifier of muscular dystrophy.
Contrasting effects of IG20 and its splice isoforms, MADD and DENN-SV, on tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced apoptosis and activation of caspase-8 and -3.
Cloning and characterization of a novel gene (C17orf25) from the deletion region on chromosome 17p13.3 in hepatocelular carcinoma.
Isolation of protein-tyrosine phosphatase-like member-a variant from cementum.
Profiling Lgals9 splice variant expression at the fetal-maternal interface: implications in normal and pathological human pregnancy.
MmTX1 and MmTX2 from coral snake venom potently modulate GABAA receptor activity.
Identification of SFR6, a key component in cold acclimation acting post-translationally on CBF function.
Orthologous relationship of obscurin and Unc-89: phylogeny of a novel family of tandem myosin light chain kinases.
Stereochemistry during aflatoxin biosynthesis: cyclase reaction in the conversion of versiconal to versicolorin B and racemization of versiconal hemiacetal acetate.
Characterization of Acinetobacter haemolyticus aac(6')-Ig gene encoding an aminoglycoside 6'-N-acetyltransferase which modifies amikacin.
Primary ciliary dyskinesia caused by homozygous mutation in DNAL1, encoding dynein light chain 1.
GLUT14, a duplicon of GLUT3, is specifically expressed in testis as alternative splice forms.
Isolation and characterization of a novel elastase inhibitor, AFLEI from Aspergillus flavus.
Translation termination in Arabidopsis thaliana: characterisation of three versions of release factor 1.
Riboflavin-Responsive and -Non-responsive Mutations in FAD Synthase Cause Multiple Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase and Combined Respiratory-Chain Deficiency.
Molecular genetic mining of the Aspergillus secondary metabolome: discovery of the emericellamide biosynthetic pathway.
A rescue factor abolishing neuronal cell death by a wide spectrum of familial Alzheimer's disease genes and Abeta.
HFR1 encodes an atypical bHLH protein that acts in phytochrome A signal transduction.
Identification of a gene induced by glucocorticoids in murine T-cells: a potential G protein-coupled receptor.
Expression of the B56delta subunit of protein phosphatase 2A and Mea1 in mouse spermatogenesis. Identification of a new B56gamma subunit (B56gamma4) specifically expressed in testis.
A Drosophila homolog of LIM-kinase phosphorylates cofilin and induces actin cytoskeletal reorganization.
Cloning and expression profiling of Hpa2, a novel mammalian heparanase family member.
Mbx, a novel mouse homeobox gene.
Identification of soluble type of membrane-type matrix metalloproteinase-3 formed by alternatively spliced mRNA.
LATE, a C(2)H(2) zinc-finger protein that acts as floral repressor.
Characterization of theanine-forming enzyme from Methylovorus mays no. 9 in respect to utilization of theanine production.
A broad-spectrum human lung fibroblast-derived mitogen is a variant of hepatocyte growth factor.
Isolation and sequence determination of cDNA encoding human T-protein of the glycine cleavage system.
Genetics of the glutamate-mediated methylamine utilization pathway in the facultative methylotrophic beta-proteobacterium Methyloversatilis universalis FAM5.
RAP55: insights into an evolutionarily conserved protein family.
An alternatively processed mRNA generated from human hepatocyte growth factor gene.
A gene cluster containing two fungal polyketide synthases encodes the biosynthetic pathway for a polyketide, asperfuranone, in Aspergillus nidulans.
Cytoplasmic dynein intermediate-chain isoforms with different targeting properties created by tissue-specific alternative splicing.
Cellular localization and kinetics of the rice melatonin biosynthetic enzymes SNAT and ASMT.
Arabidopsis thaliana CBF1 encodes an AP2 domain-containing transcriptional activator that binds to the C-repeat/DRE, a cis-acting DNA regulatory element that stimulates transcription in response to low temperature and water deficit.
A maize homologue of the bacterial CMP-3-deoxy-D-manno-2-octulosonate (KDO) synthetases. Similar pathways operate in plants and bacteria for the activation of KDO prior to its incorporation into outer cellular envelopes.
BcsTx3 is a founder of a novel sea anemone toxin family of potassium channel blocker.
Cloning and characterization of human RTVP-1b, a novel splice variant of RTVP-1 in glioma cells.
Identification and characterization of an ovary-selective isoform of epoxide hydrolase.
A DTX/MATE-type transporter facilitates abscisic acid efflux and modulates ABA sensitivity and drought tolerance in Arabidopsis.
The multidrug resistance-associated protein (MRP/ABCC) subfamily of ATP-binding cassette transporters in plants.
Binding and phosphorylation of a novel male germ cell-specific cGMP-dependent protein kinase-anchoring protein by cGMP-dependent protein kinase Ialpha.
Molecular cloning and characterisation of GPR74 a novel G-protein coupled receptor closest related to the Y-receptor family.
Molecular cloning of a novel human I-mfa domain-containing protein that differently regulates human T-cell leukemia virus type I and HIV-1 expression.
Cloning and characterization of cDNAs encoding the GnRH1 and GnRH2 precursors from bullfrog (Rana catesbeiana).
Arabidopsis homologs of the shaggy and GSK-3 protein kinases: molecular cloning and functional expression in Escherichia coli.
Multicopy suppression: an approach to understanding intracellular functioning of the protein export system.
Novel peptide toxins from the sea anemone Stichodactyla haddoni.
Overexpression of the cgtA (yhbZ, obgE) gene, coding for an essential GTP-binding protein, impairs the regulation of chromosomal functions in Escherichia coli.
The unusual co-assembly of H- and M-chains in the ferritin molecule from the Antarctic teleosts Trematomus bernacchii and Trematomus newnesi.
Vein patterning screens and the defectively organized tributaries mutants in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Isocitrate dehydrogenases from Haloferax volcanii and Sulfolobus solfataricus: enzyme purification, characterisation and N-terminal sequence.
Identification of novel M phase phosphoproteins by expression cloning.
Sea urchin vault structure, composition, and differential localization during development.
The Axin-like protein PRY-1 is a negative regulator of a canonical Wnt pathway in C. elegans.
Activated expression of an Arabidopsis HD-START protein confers drought tolerance with improved root system and reduced stomatal density.
RNA editing by ADARs is important for normal behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Myelin transcription factor 1 (Myt1) of the oligodendrocyte lineage, along with a closely related CCHC zinc finger, is expressed in developing neurons in the mammalian central nervous system.
Regulation of Abro1/KIAA0157 during myocardial infarction and cell death reveals a novel cardioprotective mechanism for Lys63-specific deubiquitination.
The plastid ribosomal proteins. Identification of all the proteins in the 50 S subunit of an organelle ribosome (chloroplast).
Identification, functional expression and enzymic analysis of two distinct CaaX proteases from Caenorhabditis elegans.
A novel and highly divergent homolog of human eosinophil granule major basic protein.
A novel pathway producing dimethylsulphide in bacteria is widespread in soil environments.
Identification of an alternatively spliced transcript of equine interleukin-1 beta.
IS981-mediated adaptive evolution recovers lactate production by ldhB transcription activation in a lactate dehydrogenase-deficient strain of Lactococcus lactis.
A Mycobacterium tuberculosis operon encoding ESAT-6 and a novel low-molecular-mass culture filtrate protein (CFP-10).
Molecular characterisation of ninein, a new coiled-coil protein of the centrosome.
Lithium-calcium exchange is mediated by a distinct potassium-independent sodium-calcium exchanger.
Heterologous reconstitution of the intact geodin gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans through a simple and versatile PCR based approach.
Genetic regulation of vascular tissue patterning in Arabidopsis.
A novel family of transmembrane proteins interacting with beta subunits of the Na,K-ATPase.
Genetic and antigenic analyses of Porphyromonas gingivalis FimA fimbriae.
Two related low-temperature-inducible genes of Arabidopsis encode proteins showing high homology to 14-3-3 proteins, a family of putative kinase regulators.
A new type of metalloprotein: The Mo storage protein from azotobacter vinelandii contains a polynuclear molybdenum-oxide cluster.
Block of ShakerB K+ channels by Pi1, a novel class of scorpion toxin.
Solution structure of neuronal bungarotoxin determined by two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy: calculation of tertiary structure using systematic homologous model building, dynamical simulated annealing, and restrained molecular dynamics.
Comprehensive analysis of NAC family genes in Oryza sativa and Arabidopsis thaliana.
Expression of a novel histone 2B during mouse spermiogenesis.
Novel insights into E. coli's hexuronate metabolism: KduI facilitates the conversion of galacturonate and glucuronate under osmotic stress conditions.
Cloning and expression of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium leprae dihydropteroate synthase in Escherichia coli.
Rat hepatic glutaminase: identification of the full coding sequence and characterization of a functional promoter.
Expression and cDNA cloning of porcine peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma).
Characterization of a Shaw-related potassium channel family in rat brain.
Rupture of lens cataract: a novel hereditary recessive cataract model in the mouse.
M phase phosphoprotein 1 is a human plus-end-directed kinesin-related protein required for cytokinesis.
The Verrucomicrobia LexA-Binding Motif: Insights into the Evolutionary Dynamics of the SOS Response.
Antigens recognized by autologous antibody in patients with renal-cell carcinoma.
Pathogenic mutations differentially affect the catalytic activities of the human B12-processing chaperone CblC and increase futile redox cycling.
Reevaluating human gene annotation: a second-generation analysis of chromosome 22.
Structure of human dual-specificity phosphatase 27 at 2.38 Å resolution.
Immunophilins and parvulins. Superfamily of peptidyl prolyl isomerases in Arabidopsis.
Identification and functional characterization of the candidate tumor suppressor gene TRIT1 in human lung cancer.
Cloning and mapping of murine Nfe2l1.
Molecular characterization and tandem mass spectrometry of the lectin extracted from the seeds of Dioclea sclerocarpa Ducke.
Dothideomycete plant interactions illuminated by genome sequencing and EST analysis of the wheat pathogen Stagonospora nodorum.
Role of pro-IGF-II processing by proprotein convertase 4 in human placental development.
Protein-Protein Interaction Network and Subcellular Localization of the Arabidopsis Thaliana ESCRT Machinery.
The extracellular nature of the lipase of Pseudomonas fragi.
Isolation and analysis of cDNA within a 300 kb Arabidopsis thaliana genomic region located around the 100 map unit of chromosome 1.
Analysis of the blocking activity of charybdotoxin homologs and iodinated derivatives against Ca2+-activated K+ channels.
Expression of KiSS-1, a metastasis suppressor gene, in trophoblast giant cells of the rat placenta.
Molecular cloning and characterization of PEA3, a new member of the Ets oncogene family that is differentially expressed in mouse embryonic cells.
The Arabidopsis SHAGGY-related protein kinase (ASK) gene family: structure, organization and evolution.
Neuronal expression of a newly identified Drosophila melanogaster G protein alpha 0 subunit.
An mRNA splice variant of the AFX gene with altered transcriptional activity.
A PDK1 homolog is necessary and sufficient to transduce AGE-1 PI3 kinase signals that regulate diapause in Caenorhabditis elegans.
OPA1, the disease gene for autosomal dominant optic atrophy, is specifically expressed in ganglion cells and intrinsic neurons of the retina.
NUCLEAR FUSION DEFECTIVE1 encodes the Arabidopsis RPL21M protein and is required for karyogamy during female gametophyte development and fertilization.
A mutant allele of BARA/LIN-9 rescues the cdk4-/- phenotype by releasing the repression on E2F-regulated genes.
The CA 125 gene: a newly discovered extension of the glycosylated N-terminal domain doubles the size of this extracellular superstructure.
Epidermal surface antigen (MS17S1) is highly conserved between mouse and human.
Cloning and characterization of complementary DNA encoding human N-acetylglucosamine-phosphate mutase protein.
Electron Paramagnetic Resonance Characterization of Three Iron-Sulfur Clusters Present in the Nitrogenase Cofactor Maturase NifB from Methanocaldococcus infernus.
A novel method used to delete a new Aspergillus fumigatus ABC transporter-encoding gene.
Mutations in ACTRT1 and its enhancer RNA elements lead to aberrant activation of Hedgehog signaling in inherited and sporadic basal cell carcinomas.
1H-NMR assignments and secondary structure of dendroaspin, an RGD-containing glycoprotein IIb-IIIa (alpha IIb-beta 3) antagonist with a neurotoxin fold.
Overexpression of AtGRDP2, a novel glycine-rich domain protein, accelerates plant growth and improves stress tolerance.
Isolation and growth factor inducibility of the Xenopus laevis Lmx1b gene.
PLASTID MOVEMENT IMPAIRED1 mediates ABA sensitivity during germination and implicates ABA in light-mediated Chloroplast movements.
Role of the LolP cytochrome P450 monooxygenase in loline alkaloid biosynthesis.
Oocytes and embryos of Xenopus laevis express two different isoforms of germ cell nuclear factor (GCNF, NR6A1).
The Wolinella succinogenes mcc gene cluster encodes an unconventional respiratory sulphite reduction system.
A new group of phage anti-CRISPR genes inhibits the type I-E CRISPR-Cas system of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Regulation of the C. elegans molt by pqn-47.
A mutation in At-nMat1a, which encodes a nuclear gene having high similarity to group II intron maturase, causes impaired splicing of mitochondrial NAD4 transcript and altered carbon metabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana.
DsdX is the second D-serine transporter in uropathogenic Escherichia coli clinical isolate CFT073.
Differentiation of CD4+ T cells to Th1 cells requires MAP kinase JNK2.
Isolation and functional analysis of homogentisate phytyltransferase from Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 and Arabidopsis.
An endothelin-converting enzyme homologue in the locust, Locusta migratoria: functional activity, molecular cloning and tissue distribution.
Purification and properties of m1-toxin, a specific antagonist of m1 muscarinic receptors.
TDP-L-megosamine biosynthesis pathway elucidation and megalomicin a production in Escherichia coli.
Functional characterization of the human interleukin-15 receptor alpha chain and close linkage of IL15RA and IL2RA genes.
Arabidopsis NPCC6/NaKR1 is a phloem mobile metal binding protein necessary for phloem function and root meristem maintenance.
Human myeloid zinc finger gene MZF produces multiple transcripts and encodes a SCAN box protein.
cDNA sequence of a growth factor-inducible immediate early gene and characterization of its encoded protein.
A novel isoform of human cyclic 3',5'-adenosine monophosphate-dependent protein kinase, c alpha-s, localizes to sperm midpiece.
The mycosins of Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv: a family of subtilisin-like serine proteases.
The too many mouths and four lips mutations affect stomatal production in Arabidopsis.
A conserved role for SNX9-family members in the regulation of phagosome maturation during engulfment of apoptotic cells.
Presence of a novel phosphopentomutase and a 2-deoxyribose 5-phosphate aldolase reveals a metabolic link between pentoses and central carbon metabolism in the hyperthermophilic archaeon Thermococcus kodakaraensis.
Characterization of the isocitrate lyase gene from Corynebacterium glutamicum and biochemical analysis of the enzyme.
Molecular cloning of the cDNAs coding for the two subunits of soluble guanylyl cyclase from human brain.
Identification and biochemical characterization of a thermostable malate dehydrogenase from the mesophile Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2).
The homologous putative GTPases Grn1p from fission yeast and the human GNL3L are required for growth and play a role in processing of nucleolar pre-rRNA.
Characterization and directed evolution of BliGO, a novel glycine oxidase from Bacillus licheniformis.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a new human histamine receptor, HH4R.
The polyphosphate kinase gene of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Characterization of a novel giant scaffolding protein, CG-NAP, that anchors multiple signaling enzymes to centrosome and the golgi apparatus.
Multicilin promotes centriole assembly and ciliogenesis during multiciliate cell differentiation.
Arabidopsis thaliana LSM proteins function in mRNA splicing and degradation.
Cloning of murine gelsolin and its regulation during differentiation of embryonal carcinoma cells.
Localization of EMSP1 expression during tooth formation and cloning of mouse cDNA.
Cloning and characterization of MS5 from Arabidopsis: a gene critical in male meiosis.
m<sup>6</sup>A modulates haematopoietic stem and progenitor cell specification.
FemABX family members are novel nonribosomal peptidyltransferases and important pathogen-specific drug targets.
Epstein-Barr virus-induced genes: first lymphocyte-specific G protein-coupled peptide receptors.
Characterization of a novel cell cycle-related gene from Arabidopsis.
Molecular components of large conductance calcium-activated potassium (BK) channels in mouse pituitary corticotropes.
Molecular analysis of no-on-transient A, a gene required for normal vision in Drosophila.
Cloning of a novel human Rac1b splice variant with increased expression in colorectal tumors.
Cyanide production from glycine by a homogenate from a Pseudomonas species.
Whole-Organism Developmental Expression Profiling Identifies RAB-28 as a Novel Ciliary GTPase Associated with the BBSome and Intraflagellar Transport.
An ancient genetic link between vertebrate mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis and RNA processing.
An alternatively spliced interleukin 4 form in lymphoid cells.
Ehd1, a B-type response regulator in rice, confers short-day promotion of flowering and controls FT-like gene expression independently of Hd1.
A novel SET domain methyltransferase modifies ribosomal protein Rpl23ab in yeast.
Complete murine cDNA sequence, genomic structure, and tissue expression of the high mobility group protein HMG-I(Y).
Structure and expression of the human creatine kinase B gene.
Allergy-driven alternative splicing of IL-13 receptor alpha2 yields distinct membrane and soluble forms.
Histone-like protein H1 (H-NS), DNA supercoiling, and gene expression in bacteria.
Molecular genetics of Drosophila alpha-actinin: mutant alleles disrupt Z disc integrity and muscle insertions.
Drosophila caliban, a nuclear export mediator, can function as a tumor suppressor in human lung cancer cells.
Purification, primary structure, and immunological characterization of the 26-kDa calsequestrin binding protein (junctin) from cardiac junctional sarcoplasmic reticulum.
Fox-2 splicing factor binds to a conserved intron motif to promote inclusion of protein 4.1R alternative exon 16.
Cbfa1-independent decrease in osteoblast proliferation, osteopenia, and persistent embryonic eye vascularization in mice deficient in Lrp5, a Wnt coreceptor.
Rice histone deacetylase genes display specific expression patterns and developmental functions.
Experimental validation of novel genes predicted in the un-annotated regions of the Arabidopsis genome.
Pbx4, a new Pbx family member on mouse chromosome 8, is expressed during spermatogenesis.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular characterization of At5PTase1, an inositol phosphatase capable of terminating inositol trisphosphate signaling.
Cloning and sequencing of cDNAs for hypothetical genes from chromosome 2 of Arabidopsis.
KOBITO1 encodes a novel plasma membrane protein necessary for normal synthesis of cellulose during cell expansion in Arabidopsis.
The role of the novel exopolyphosphatase MT0516 in Mycobacterium tuberculosis drug tolerance and persistence.
Activation of the Rab7 GTPase by the MON1-CCZ1 Complex Is Essential for PVC-to-Vacuole Trafficking and Plant Growth in Arabidopsis.
Localization of two homologous Arabidopsis kinesin-related proteins in the phragmoplast.
NosA, a transcription factor important in Aspergillus fumigatus stress and developmental response, rescues the germination defect of a laeA deletion.
Cloning of a novel human testis mRNA specifically expressed in testicular haploid germ cells, having unique palindromic sequences and encoding a leucine zipper dimerization motif.
Phenotypic and genetic alterations in mammary stroma: implications for tumour progression.
Diverse protein kinase interactions identified by protein microarrays reveal novel connections between cellular processes.
Asunder is a critical regulator of dynein-dynactin localization during Drosophila spermatogenesis.
Identification of four alternatively spliced isoforms of chicken casein kinase I alpha that are all expressed in diverse cell types.
An Arabidopsis (malectin-like) leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase contributes to downy mildew disease.
Defective processing of neuropeptide precursors in Caenorhabditis elegans lacking proprotein convertase 2 (KPC-2/EGL-3): mutant analysis by mass spectrometry.
Molecular cloning and complete nucleotide sequence of a human ventricular myosin light chain 1.
Reconstruction of the archaeal isoprenoid ether lipid biosynthesis pathway in Escherichia coli through digeranylgeranylglyceryl phosphate.
The C. elegans hook protein, ZYG-12, mediates the essential attachment between the centrosome and nucleus.
New dopamine receptor, D2(Longer), with unique TG splice site, in human brain.
Pelophylaxins: novel antimicrobial peptide homologs from the skin secretion of the Fukien gold-striped pond frog, Pelophylax plancyi fukienensis: identification by "shotgun" cDNA cloning and sequence analysis.
Helix-loop-helix transcriptional activators bind to a sequence in glucocorticoid response elements of retrovirus enhancers.
Nucleotide sequence determination of chicken glucagon precursor cDNA. Chicken preproglucagon does not contain glucagon-like peptide II.
A tightly bound quinone functions in the ubiquinone reaction sites of quinoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase of an acetic acid bacterium, Gluconobacter suboxydans.
Multiple toxin-antitoxin systems in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
An abundant evolutionarily conserved CSB-PiggyBac fusion protein expressed in Cockayne syndrome.
A screen for spore wall permeability mutants identifies a secreted protease required for proper spore wall assembly.
Molecular mechanisms and regulation of opioid receptor signaling.
New pollen-specific receptor kinases identified in tomato, maize and Arabidopsis: the tomato kinases show overlapping but distinct localization patterns on pollen tubes.
Participation of Xenopus Elr-type proteins in vegetal mRNA localization during oogenesis.
Novel members of the mitogen-activated protein kinase activator family in Xenopus laevis.
Structural studies on a 2,3-diphosphoglycerate independent phosphoglycerate mutase from Bacillus stearothermophilus.
Protein complexing in a methanogen suggests electron bifurcation and electron delivery from formate to heterodisulfide reductase.
OsJAR1 and OsJAR2 are jasmonyl-L-isoleucine synthases involved in wound- and pathogen-induced jasmonic acid signalling.
Origin and maintenance of a broad-spectrum disease resistance locus in Arabidopsis.
MgAtg9 trafficking in Magnaporthe oryzae.
Astacin family metallopeptidases and serine peptidase inhibitors in spider digestive fluid.
Genetic and metabolomic dissection of the ergothioneine and selenoneine biosynthetic pathway in the fission yeast, S. pombe, and construction of an overproduction system.
In vitro reconstitution of indolmycin biosynthesis reveals the molecular basis of oxazolinone assembly.
Mechanisms for defining supercoiling set point of DNA gyrase orthologs: II. The shape of the GyrA subunit C-terminal domain (CTD) is not a sole determinant for controlling supercoiling efficiency.
Novel listerial glycerol dehydrogenase- and phosphoenolpyruvate-dependent dihydroxyacetone kinase system connected to the pentose phosphate pathway.
The use of multiple transcription starts causes the dual targeting of Arabidopsis putative monodehydroascorbate reductase to both mitochondria and chloroplasts.
The excess microsporocytes1 gene encodes a putative leucine-rich repeat receptor protein kinase that controls somatic and reproductive cell fates in the Arabidopsis anther.
SMRTe, a silencing mediator for retinoid and thyroid hormone receptors-extended isoform that is more related to the nuclear receptor corepressor.
Biogenesis of photosynthetic complexes in the chloroplast of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii requires ARSA1, a homolog of prokaryotic arsenite transporter and eukaryotic TRC40 for guided entry of tail-anchored proteins.
Unusual ancestry of dehydratases associated with quinate catabolism in Acinetobacter calcoaceticus.
Sequence of the lktD gene from Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Derived structure of the putative sialic acid transporter from Escherichia coli predicts a novel sugar permease domain.
EHSH1/intersectin, a protein that contains EH and SH3 domains and binds to dynamin and SNAP-25. A protein connection between exocytosis and endocytosis?
Evidence for involvement of penicillin-binding protein 3 in murein synthesis during septation but not during cell elongation.
An orphan PRD class homeobox gene expressed in mouse brain and limb development.
Identification of proteins interacting with Arabidopsis ACD11.
A new member of the LIM protein family binds to filamin B and localizes at stress fibers.
Methyltransferase-like protein 16 binds the 3'-terminal triple helix of MALAT1 long noncoding RNA.
Deficiency of hyccin, a newly identified membrane protein, causes hypomyelination and congenital cataract.
Two novel proteins activate superoxide generation by the NADPH oxidase NOX1.
New Insights into IDO Biology in Bacterial and Viral Infections.
Suppression of the novel growth inhibitor p33ING1 promotes neoplastic transformation.
Understanding how diverse beta-mannanases recognize heterogeneous substrates.
Antinociceptive activity and toxicology of the lectin from Canavalia boliviana seeds in mice.
Selective loss of dopamine D3-type receptor mRNA expression in parietal and motor cortices of patients with chronic schizophrenia.
Characterization of the dual start motif of a class II holin gene.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a cDNA for the alpha subunit of a G protein from rice.
Multiple mRNA isoforms encoding the mouse cardiac Kv1-5 delayed rectifier K+ channel.
Fast kinase domain-containing protein 3 is a mitochondrial protein essential for cellular respiration.
Alpha subunit variants of the human glycine receptor: primary structures, functional expression and chromosomal localization of the corresponding genes.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the human NIMA-related protein kinase 3 gene (NEK3).
Perivenous expression of the mRNA of the three hypoxia-inducible factor alpha-subunits, HIF1alpha, HIF2alpha and HIF3alpha, in rat liver.
Involvement of a gelsolin-related protein in spermatogenesis of the earthworm Lumbricus terrestris.
A myosin I isoform in the nucleus.
Identification of the amino acid sequences responsible for high affinity activation of cGMP kinase Ialpha.
Molecular analysis of FRIGIDA, a major determinant of natural variation in Arabidopsis flowering time.
The amino terminus of the glial glutamate transporter GLT-1 interacts with the LIM protein Ajuba.
Fluoxetine-resistance genes in Caenorhabditis elegans function in the intestine and may act in drug transport.
Heterologous expression and characterization of a beta-1,6-glucanase from Aspergillus fumigatus.
Identification and characterization of a gene with base substitutions associated with the absorptive hypercalciuria phenotype and low spinal bone density.
Ly-49 multigene family expressed by IL-2-activated NK cells.
Expression patterns of purple acid phosphatase genes in Arabidopsis organs and functional analysis of AtPAP23 predominantly transcribed in flower.
The MARVEL domain protein Nce102 regulates actin organization and invasive growth of Candida albicans.
Cloning, sequencing and functional overexpression of the Streptococcus equisimilis H46A gapC gene encoding a glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase that also functions as a plasmin(ogen)-binding protein. Purification and biochemical characterization of the protein.
A novel alternative splicing form of excitatory amino acid transporter 1 is a negative regulator of glutamate uptake.
Recruitment of a ribosomal release factor for light- and stress-dependent regulation of petB transcript stability in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.
Nukacin 3299, a lantibiotic produced by Staphylococcus simulans 3299 identical to nukacin ISK-1.
Identification of a second human subtilisin-like protease gene in the fes/fps region of chromosome 15.
Evolution of chloroplast J proteins.
Identification of a conserved cluster of skin-specific genes encoding secreted proteins.
Alternatively spliced isoforms of a novel stromal RNA regulating factor.
GM130, a cis-Golgi protein, regulates meiotic spindle assembly and asymmetric division in mouse oocyte.
S-stereoselective piperazine-2-tert-butylcarboxamide hydrolase from Pseudomonas azotoformans IAM 1603 is a novel L-amino acid amidase.
Genetics of the serine cycle in Methylobacterium extorquens AM1: identification of sgaA and mtdA and sequences of sgaA, hprA, and mtdA.
Expression of Kir7.1 and a novel Kir7.1 splice variant in native human retinal pigment epithelium.
Construction and characterization of human brain cDNA libraries suitable for analysis of cDNA clones encoding relatively large proteins.
Discovery by proteogenomics and characterization of an RF-amide neuropeptide from cone snail venom.
Structure, expression and chromosome mapping of MLZE, a novel gene which is preferentially expressed in metastatic melanoma cells.
Expression of a cloned rat brain potassium channel in Xenopus oocytes.
Potassium channels from NG108-15 neuroblastoma-glioma hybrid cells. Primary structure and functional expression from cDNAs.
Alternative splicing of HLA-G transcripts yields proteins with primary structures resembling both class I and class II antigens.
Identification of the Escherichia coli murI gene, which is required for the biosynthesis of D-glutamic acid, a specific component of bacterial peptidoglycan.
Isolation and characterization of a gene affecting fatty acid elongation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Cloning of the Arabidopsis RSF1 gene by using a mapping strategy based on high-density DNA arrays and denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography.
CHR11, a chromatin-remodeling factor essential for nuclear proliferation during female gametogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Interleukin 31, a cytokine produced by activated T cells, induces dermatitis in mice.
A family of major royal jelly proteins of the honeybee Apis mellifera L.
Inulinase production by a marine yeast Pichia guilliermondii and inulin hydrolysis by the crude inulinase.
Conservation of structure and function between human and murine IL-16.
Identification and characterization of a novel Delphilin variant with an alternative N-terminus.
Aromatic prenylation in phenazine biosynthesis: dihydrophenazine-1-carboxylate dimethylallyltransferase from Streptomyces anulatus.
Heterologous expression of mycobacterial Esx complexes in Escherichia coli for structural studies is facilitated by the use of maltose binding protein fusions.
Membrane topology and function of dengue virus NS2A protein.
A point mutation in the murine Hem1 gene reveals an essential role for Hematopoietic protein 1 in lymphopoiesis and innate immunity.
The proline-rich acidic protein is epigenetically regulated and inhibits growth of cancer cell lines.
Molecular characterisation of two structurally distinct groups of human homers, generated by extensive alternative splicing.
Identification and characterization of DUSP27, a novel dual-specific protein phosphatase.
The mtfA transcription factor gene controls morphogenesis, gliotoxin production, and virulence in the opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
Detection, isolation and complete amino acid sequence of an aeroallergenic protein from rapeseed flour.
Molecular cloning of a novel calcium-binding protein in the secreted saliva of the green rice leafhopper Nephotettix cincticeps.
Roles of the Tn21 merT, merP, and merC gene products in mercury resistance and mercury binding.
Cloning of a putative neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunit.
EB1-binding-myomegalin protein complex promotes centrosomal microtubules functions.
Two heat-resistant, low molecular weight proteins from Escherichia coli that stimulate DNA-directed RNA synthesis.
The cataract and glucosuria associated monocarboxylate transporter MCT12 is a new creatine transporter.
Transcriptional activation of CLN1, CLN2, and a putative new G1 cyclin (HCS26) by SWI4, a positive regulator of G1-specific transcription.
Cardiotonic polypeptides from Anthopleura xanthogrammica (Brandt) and A. elegantissima (Brandt).
Cloning and function of the rat colonic epithelial K+ channel KVLQT1.
The amino acid sequence of rat liver glucokinase deduced from cloned cDNA.
A novel brain-specific p53-target gene, BAI1, containing thrombospondin type 1 repeats inhibits experimental angiogenesis.
A 71-kilodalton protein is a major product of the Duchenne muscular dystrophy gene in brain and other nonmuscle tissues.
Expression in E. coli and tissue distribution of the human homologue of the mouse Ke 6 gene, 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 8.
Differential transactivation by two isoforms of the orphan nuclear hormone receptor CAR.
Pc4, a putative movement protein of Rice stripe virus, interacts with a type I DnaJ protein and a small Hsp of rice.
The gluconate high affinity transport of GntI in Escherichia coli involves a multicomponent complex system.
Identification of enzymes for adenosine-to-inosine editing and discovery of cytidine-to-uridine editing in nucleus-encoded transfer RNAs of Arabidopsis.
Mammalian GFRalpha -4, a divergent member of the GFRalpha family of coreceptors for glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor family ligands, is a receptor for the neurotrophic factor persephin.
Identification of a novel gene family that includes the interferon-inducible human genes 6-16 and ISG12.
Cloning of human adenosine kinase cDNA: sequence similarity to microbial ribokinases and fructokinases.
Identity of the F52F12.1 gene product in Caenorhabditis elegans as an organic cation transporter.
Identification of a novel cell-adhesive protein spatiotemporally expressed in the basement membrane of mouse developing hair follicle.
An essential bipolar mitotic motor.
Another mechanism for creating diversity in gamma-aminobutyrate type A receptors: RNA splicing directs expression of two forms of gamma 2 phosphorylation site.
A conserved biogenesis pathway for nucleoporins: proteolytic processing of a 186-kilodalton precursor generates Nup98 and the novel nucleoporin, Nup96.
Characterization and structural modeling of a novel thermostable glycine oxidase from Geobacillus kaustophilus HTA426.
Interactions of the LIM-domain-binding factor Ldb1 with LIM homeodomain proteins.
Phosphorylation-dependent assembly and coordination of the DNA damage checkpoint apparatus by Rad4(TopBP1).
Studies on conotoxins of Conus betulinus.
Posttranslational Modification of Maize Chloroplast Pyruvate Orthophosphate Dikinase Reveals the Precise Regulatory Mechanism of Its Enzymatic Activity.
Growth-suppressive effects of BPOZ and EGR2, two genes involved in the PTEN signaling pathway.
Identification and cloning of GP-3 from rat pancreatic acinar zymogen granules as a glycosylated membrane-associated lipase.
A novel human insulin-like growth factor I messenger RNA is expressed in normal and tumor cells.
Selective interaction of JNK protein kinase isoforms with transcription factors.
Isoprenylation of a protein kinase. Requirement of farnesylation/alpha-carboxyl methylation for full enzymatic activity of rhodopsin kinase.
6-Deoxyerythronolide-B synthase 2 from Saccharopolyspora erythraea. Cloning of the structural gene, sequence analysis and inferred domain structure of the multifunctional enzyme.
The Friedreich ataxia region: characterization of two novel genes and reduction of the critical region to 300 kb.
A full-length cDNA encoding 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase from apple.
Alternative splicing generates an isoform of the human Sef gene with altered subcellular localization and specificity.
Endo-β-N-acetylglucosaminidases from infant gut-associated bifidobacteria release complex N-glycans from human milk glycoproteins.
Identification of FAAP24, a Fanconi anemia core complex protein that interacts with FANCM.
Identification of mRNAs encoding two different soluble forms of the human interferon alpha-receptor.
Analysis of conserved domains identifies a unique structural feature of a chloroplast heat shock protein.
Cloning of an NF-kappa B subunit which stimulates HIV transcription in synergy with p65.
More than a hole: the holin lethal function may be required to fully sensitize bacteria to the lytic action of canonical endolysins.
Identification and characterization of 2-keto-3-deoxy-L-rhamnonate dehydrogenase belonging to the MDR superfamily from the thermoacidophilic bacterium Sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans: implications to L-rhamnose metabolism in archaea.
Nucleotide sequence of the osmoregulatory proU operon of Escherichia coli.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae alpha1,6-mannosyltransferase has a catalytic potential to transfer a second mannose molecule.
Amino acid sequences and distribution of high-potential iron-sulfur proteins that donate electrons to the photosynthetic reaction center in phototropic proteobacteria.
The RD1 virulence locus of Mycobacterium tuberculosis regulates DNA transfer in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
A component of the transcriptional repressor MeCP1 shares a motif with DNA methyltransferase and HRX proteins.
Crataeva tapia bark lectin is an affinity adsorbent and insecticidal agent.
A novel polyamine allosteric site of SpeG from Vibrio cholerae is revealed by its dodecameric structure.
Neurotrophic actions of a novel molluscan epidermal growth factor.
Molecular biology and genetic diversity of Rift Valley fever virus.
Identification of three hydroxyproline O-arabinosyltransferases in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Candida tropicalis expresses two mitochondrial 2-enoyl thioester reductases that are able to form both homodimers and heterodimers.
A comprehensive classification and evolutionary analysis of plant homeobox genes.
Novel gene encoding precursor protein consisting of possible several neuropeptides expressed in brain and frontal ganglion of the silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Repression of jasmonate signaling by a non-TIFY JAZ protein in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a Classical Mutant in the Industrial Host Aspergillus niger by Systems Genetics: LaeA Is Required for Citric Acid Production and Regulates the Formation of Some Secondary Metabolites.
Cloning and functional analysis of cDNAs with open reading frames for 300 previously undefined genes expressed in CD34+ hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells.
Neuropeptide FF and FMRFamide potentiate acid-evoked currents from sensory neurons and proton-gated DEG/ENaC channels.
Characterization and in vivo functional analysis of splice variants of cypher.
Alpha-latrotoxin receptor, latrophilin, is a novel member of the secretin family of G protein-coupled receptors.
K+ current diversity is produced by an extended gene family conserved in Drosophila and mouse.
Neuronatin mRNA: alternatively spliced forms of a novel brain-specific mammalian developmental gene.
Differential expression of two-pore domain potassium channels in rat cerebellar granule neurons.
Lactate dehydrogenase from the extreme thermophile Thermotoga maritima.
Secretome analysis reveals an Arabidopsis lipase involved in defense against Alternaria brassicicola.
Alteration of sodium currents by new peptide toxins from the venom of a molluscivorous Conus snail.
A small plant-specific protein family of ABI five binding proteins (AFPs) regulates stress response in germinating Arabidopsis seeds and seedlings.
High-throughput sequence identification of gene coding variants within alcohol-related QTLs.
Arabidopsis thaliana ECP63 encoding a LEA protein is located in chromosome 4.
Cloning and expression in Saccharomyces cerevisiae of a Trichoderma reesei beta-mannanase gene containing a cellulose binding domain.
Identification and cloning of a novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein C-like protein that functions as a transcriptional activator of the hepatitis B virus enhancer II.
Anemonia sulcata toxins modify activation and inactivation of Na+ currents in a crayfish neurone.
Molecular cloning of a novel putative G-protein coupled receptor expressed during rat spermiogenesis.
Novel O-superfamily conotoxins identified by cDNA cloning from three vermivorous Conus species.
Identification of two SET domain proteins required for methylation of lysine residues in yeast ribosomal protein Rpl42ab.
A human ortholog of archaeal DNA repair protein Hef is defective in Fanconi anemia complementation group M.
Cloning of cDNAs for fructose 6-phosphate 2-kinase/fructose 2,6-bisphosphatase from frog skeletal muscle and liver, and their expression in skeletal muscle.
The UDP-diacylglucosamine pyrophosphohydrolase LpxH in lipid A biosynthesis utilizes Mn2+ cluster for catalysis.
The production by alternate splicing of two mRNAs differing by one codon could be an intrinsic property of neuroendocrine protein 7B2 gene expression in man.
The expression of acidic fibroblast growth factor (heparin-binding growth factor-1) and cytokine genes in human cardiac allografts and T cells.
Two zebrafish eIF4E family members are differentially expressed and functionally divergent.
Transcriptional profiling of mature Arabidopsis trichomes reveals that NOECK encodes the MIXTA-like transcriptional regulator MYB106.
Recombinant phospholipase Czeta has high Ca2+ sensitivity and induces Ca2+ oscillations in mouse eggs.
Luzp4 defines a new mRNA export pathway in cancer cells.
Nonribosomal peptide synthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus and other fungi.
Identification and characterization of Mlr1,2: two mouse homologues of Mblk-1, a transcription factor from the honeybee brain(1).
Espins are multifunctional actin cytoskeletal regulatory proteins in the microvilli of chemosensory and mechanosensory cells.
N-terminal sequences of small ion channels in rectal glands of sharks: a biochemical hallmark for classification and phylogeny?
Purification, characterization, and preliminary X-ray diffraction analysis of a lactose-specific lectin from Cymbosema roseum seeds.
Binding sites of the Epstein-Barr virus and C3d receptor (CR2, CD21) for its three intracellular ligands, the p53 anti-oncoprotein, the p68 calcium binding protein and the nuclear p120 ribonucleoprotein.
Cloning, sequencing, and expression of equinatoxin II.
A eukaryotic protein, NOP-1, binds retinal to form an archaeal rhodopsin-like photochemically reactive pigment.
Cloning and sequence analysis of the gene encoding isocitrate lyase from Rhodococcus fascians.
Crystal structure of the flavin reductase component (HpaC) of 4-hydroxyphenylacetate 3-monooxygenase from Thermus thermophilus HB8: Structural basis for the flavin affinity.
Expression cloning and biochemical characterization of a Rhizobium leguminosarum lipid A 1-phosphatase.
Screening and cDNA cloning of Kv1 potassium channel toxins in sea anemones.
Purification of polyphosphate and ATP glucose phosphotransferase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Ra: evidence that poly(P) and ATP glucokinase activities are catalyzed by the same enzyme.
Molecular characterization of a novel N-acetylneuraminate lyase from Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1.
Cloning of the lipooligosaccharide alpha-2,3-sialyltransferase from the bacterial pathogens Neisseria meningitidis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Transcriptionally active haptoglobin-related (Hpr) gene in hepatoma G2 and leukemia molt-4 cells.
Two types of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in Drosophila and other arthropods.
Identification of neuronal nuclei (NeuN) as Fox-3, a new member of the Fox-1 gene family of splicing factors.
The human factor H-related protein 4 (FHR-4). A novel short consensus repeat-containing protein is associated with human triglyceride-rich lipoproteins.
Chromatin-to-nucleoprotamine transition is controlled by the histone H2B variant TH2B.
Structure of arylamine N-acetyltransferase reveals a catalytic triad.
Myeloid-derived growth factor (C19orf10) mediates cardiac repair following myocardial infarction.
Hexanoate synthase, a specialized type I fatty acid synthase in aflatoxin B1 biosynthesis.
Characterization, chromosomal localization, and the complete 30-kb DNA sequence of the human Jagged2 (JAG2) gene.
Isolation and characterisation of the RAD51 and DMC1 homologs from Arabidopsis thaliana.
MAGOH interacts with a novel RNA-binding protein.
The R2R3-MYB gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Humidity Sensing in Drosophila.
First characterization of an archaeal GTP-dependent phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Thermococcus kodakaraensis KOD1.
Cloning of novel soluble gp130 and detection of its neutralizing autoantibodies in rheumatoid arthritis.
L-xylo-3-hexulose reductase is the missing link in the oxidoreductive pathway for D-galactose catabolism in filamentous fungi.
The isolation and characterization of cDNA encoding human and rat brain inositol polyphosphate 4-phosphatase.
Indispensable Roles of Plastids in Arabidopsis thaliana Embryogenesis.
Liprins, a family of LAR transmembrane protein-tyrosine phosphatase-interacting proteins.
Crystal structure of γ-hexachlorocyclohexane Dehydrochlorinase LinA from Sphingobium japonicum UT26.
Mipartoxin-I, a novel three-finger toxin, is the major neurotoxic component in the venom of the redtail coral snake Micrurus mipartitus (Elapidae).
Positional cloning of a global regulator of anterior-posterior patterning in mice.
Crystallization and X-ray diffraction analysis of ornithine cyclodeaminase from Pseudomonas putida.
Eis (enhanced intracellular survival) protein of Mycobacterium tuberculosis disturbs the cross regulation of T-cells.
Nucleotide sequence of the murF gene encoding the UDP-MurNAc-pentapeptide synthetase of Escherichia coli.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis recombinant LprN protein of mce4 operon induces Th-1 type response deleterious to protection in mice.
Endothelin-1 and ETA receptor expression in vascular smooth muscle cells from human placenta: a new ETA receptor messenger ribonucleic acid is generated by alternative splicing of exon 3.
AUTOPHAGY-RELATED11 plays a critical role in general autophagy- and senescence-induced mitophagy in Arabidopsis.
Identification of the viridicatumtoxin and griseofulvin gene clusters from Penicillium aethiopicum.
The perilipin-like PPE15 protein in Mycobacterium tuberculosis is required for triacylglycerol accumulation under dormancy-inducing conditions.
Regulation of plant stem cell quiescence by a brassinosteroid signaling module.
Analysis of imprinted messenger RNA expression during bovine preimplantation development.
Cloning and expression of mouse cytosolic alpha-mannosidase (Man2c1).
Molecular identification of carnosine N-methyltransferase as chicken histamine N-methyltransferase-like protein (hnmt-like).
GIP1 may act as a coactivator that enhances transcriptional activity of LBD18 in Arabidopsis.
Endopeptidase cleavage generates a functionally distinct isoform of C1q/tumor necrosis factor-related protein-12 (CTRP12) with an altered oligomeric state and signaling specificity.
Regulation of the Arabidopsis root vascular initial population by LONESOME HIGHWAY.
Mextli proteins use both canonical bipartite and novel tripartite binding modes to form eIF4E complexes that display differential sensitivity to 4E-BP regulation.
Osteoblast-specific factor 2: cloning of a putative bone adhesion protein with homology with the insect protein fasciclin I.
The missing link in the fungal L-arabinose catabolic pathway, identification of the L-xylulose reductase gene.
The dddP gene, encoding a novel enzyme that converts dimethylsulfoniopropionate into dimethyl sulfide, is widespread in ocean metagenomes and marine bacteria and also occurs in some Ascomycete fungi.
OsACA6, a P-type IIB Ca²⁺ ATPase promotes salinity and drought stress tolerance in tobacco by ROS scavenging and enhancing the expression of stress-responsive genes.
A new phospholipid phosphatase, PRG-1, is involved in axon growth and regenerative sprouting.
Full-length sequence and in vitro expression of rainbow trout estrogen receptor cDNA.
Sterol content and enzyme defects of nystatin-resistant mutants of Neurospora crassa.
Action of alpha-amanitin during pyrophosphorolysis and elongation by RNA polymerase II.
Purification and characterization of a repressor for the Bacillus cereus glnRA operon.
The ERK Cascade: Distinct Functions within Various Subcellular Organelles.
Heavy metal-associated isoprenylated plant protein (HIPP): characterization of a family of proteins exclusive to plants.
A novel 205-kilodalton testis-specific serine/threonine protein kinase associated with microtubules of the spermatid manchette.
Determination of the sequence of the aralkyl acyl-CoA:amino acid N-acyltransferase from bovine liver mitochondria.
A revised assay for monitoring autophagic flux in Arabidopsis thaliana reveals involvement of AUTOPHAGY-RELATED9 in autophagy.
Molecular cloning and expression of the novel splice variants of K(+) channel-interacting protein 2.
A truncated form of mannose-binding lectin-associated serine protease (MASP)-2 expressed by alternative polyadenylation is a component of the lectin complement pathway.
Identification of mouse palmitoyl-coenzyme A Delta9-desaturase.
Atomic structure of the autosomal recessive hypercholesterolemia phosphotyrosine-binding domain in complex with the LDL-receptor tail.
Novel interactions of CLN5 support molecular networking between Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinosis proteins.
Identification and characterization of a long isoform of human IFT80, IFT80-L.
Using the yeast two-hybrid system to identify human epithelial cell proteins that bind gonococcal Opa proteins: intracellular gonococci bind pyruvate kinase via their Opa proteins and require host pyruvate for growth.
Characterization of PECI, a novel monofunctional Delta(3), Delta(2)-enoyl-CoA isomerase of mammalian peroxisomes.
IAR3 encodes an auxin conjugate hydrolase from Arabidopsis.
The PS-IAA4/5-like family of early auxin-inducible mRNAs in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Complementary DNA cloning and molecular evolution of opine dehydrogenases in some marine invertebrates.
REPS2/POB1 is downregulated during human prostate cancer progression and inhibits growth factor signalling in prostate cancer cells.
FAM210A is a novel determinant of bone and muscle structure and strength.
Regulation of the hydrogenase-4 operon of Escherichia coli by the sigma(54)-dependent transcriptional activators FhlA and HyfR.
A novel ribosome-associated protein is important for efficient translation in Escherichia coli.
Human MUC4 mucin cDNA and its variants in pancreatic carcinoma.
Abnormal expression, highly efficient detection and novel truncations of midkine in human tumors, cancers and cell lines.
Novel transmembrane GTPase of non-small cell lung cancer identified by mRNA differential display.
Human fibronectin: cell specific alternative mRNA splicing generates polypeptide chains differing in the number of internal repeats.
Increased expression of Ca2+-sensitive K+ channels in aorta of hypertensive rats.
Characterization of an archaeal two-component system that regulates methanogenesis in Methanosaeta harundinacea.
Chloroplast Division and Expansion Is Radically Altered by Nuclear Mutations in Arabidopsis thaliana.
ABI2-deficient mice exhibit defective cell migration, aberrant dendritic spine morphogenesis, and deficits in learning and memory.
Methanogenesis by Methanosarcina acetivorans involves two structurally and functionally distinct classes of heterodisulfide reductase.
Molecular cloning and characterization of an ML-236B (compactin) biosynthetic gene cluster in Penicillium citrinum.
NALPs: a novel protein family involved in inflammation.
Extensive expression studies revealed a complex alternative splicing pattern of the HMGA2 gene.
Identification of phenylalanine 3-hydroxylase for meta-tyrosine biosynthesis.
DAMB, a novel dopamine receptor expressed specifically in Drosophila mushroom bodies.
Purification and primary structure of low molecular mass peptides from scorpion (Buthus sindicus) venom.
A membrane protein required for dislocation of misfolded proteins from the ER.
Diversification of transcriptional modulation: large-scale identification and characterization of putative alternative promoters of human genes.
Hyperproduction and purification of nicotinamide deamidase, a microconstitutive enzyme of Escherichia coli.
Regulation of the stringent response is the essential function of the conserved bacterial G protein CgtA in Vibrio cholerae.
Molecular cloning of mouse Lrp7(Lr3) cDNA and chromosomal mapping of orthologous genes in mouse and human.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human FGF8 alternative messenger RNA forms.
Lactate racemase is a nickel-dependent enzyme activated by a widespread maturation system.
Characterization of GPRA, a novel G protein-coupled receptor related to asthma.
Coding sequence, chromosomal localization, and expression pattern of Nrf1: the mouse homolog of Drosophila erect wing.
Anchoring and length regulation of Porphyromonas gingivalis Mfa1 fimbriae by the downstream gene product Mfa2.
FCRL, a novel member of the leukocyte Fc receptor family possesses unique structural features.
Characterization of the Escherichia coli YajL, YhbO and ElbB glyoxalases.
Arabidopsis and maize RidA proteins preempt reactive enamine/imine damage to branched-chain amino acid biosynthesis in plastids.
Regulation of UDP-3-O-[R-3-hydroxymyristoyl]-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase in Escherichia coli. The second enzymatic step of lipid a biosynthesis.
Amine-synthesizing enzyme N-substituted formamide deformylase: screening, purification, characterization, and gene cloning.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of the OLE-1 high-oleic castor seed (Ricinus communis L.) mutant.
Structure-function relationships in the collagenase family member transin.
Nucleotide sequence of the alternatively spliced human thyroid peroxidase cDNA, TPO-2.
Structure of two rat genes coding for closely related rolipram-sensitive cAMP phosphodiesterases. Multiple mRNA variants originate from alternative splicing and multiple start sites.
A porcine homolog of the major secretory protein of human epididymis, HE1, specifically binds cholesterol.
TCTE1 is a conserved component of the dynein regulatory complex and is required for motility and metabolism in mouse spermatozoa.
Black mamba venom peptides target acid-sensing ion channels to abolish pain.
SP-R210 (Myo18A) Isoforms as Intrinsic Modulators of Macrophage Priming and Activation.
Postsynaptic PDLIM5/Enigma Homolog binds SPAR and causes dendritic spine shrinkage.
Characterization of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis sigma factor SigM by assessment of virulence and identification of SigM-dependent genes.
A case of Kallmann syndrome carrying a missense mutation in alternatively spliced exon 8A encoding the immunoglobulin-like domain IIIb of fibroblast growth factor receptor 1.
Isolation and embryonic expression of Xel-1, a nervous system-specific Xenopus gene related to the elav gene family.
Molecular cloning and genetic analysis of an indole-diterpene gene cluster from Penicillium paxilli.
Dermokine: an extensively differentially spliced gene expressed in epithelial cells.
Pathway for lipid A biosynthesis in Arabidopsis thaliana resembling that of Escherichia coli.
Solution structure of cardiotoxin V from Naja naja atra.
RefilinB (FAM101B) targets filamin A to organize perinuclear actin networks and regulates nuclear shape.
A modular esterase from Penicillium funiculosum which releases ferulic acid from plant cell walls and binds crystalline cellulose contains a carbohydrate binding module.
Actinin-associated LIM protein: identification of a domain interaction between PDZ and spectrin-like repeat motifs.
Terpene biosynthesis in glandular trichomes of hop.
Human trks: molecular cloning, tissue distribution, and expression of extracellular domain immunoadhesins.
Induction of PYPAF1 during in vitro maturation of mouse mast cells.
Nucleotide sequence of a human heart cDNA encoding the mitochondrial phosphate carrier.
Contributions of Aspergillus fumigatus ATP-binding cassette transporter proteins to drug resistance and virulence.
Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of the lysR gene from the extremely thermophilic eubacterium, Thermus thermophilus HB27.
A synthetic weak neurotoxin binds with low affinity to Torpedo and chicken alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
The diabetes autoantigen ICA69 and its Caenorhabditis elegans homologue, ric-19, are conserved regulators of neuroendocrine secretion.
DmGTSF1 is necessary for Piwi-piRISC-mediated transcriptional transposon silencing in the Drosophila ovary.
Expression of novel molecules, MICAL2-PV (MICAL2 prostate cancer variants), increases with high Gleason score and prostate cancer progression.
Formation of methyl mercaptan from L-methionine by Porphyromonas gingivalis.
SpFGFR, a new member of the fibroblast growth factor receptor family, is developmentally regulated during early sea urchin development.
Characterization of MazFSa, an endoribonuclease from Staphylococcus aureus.
Biochemical inhibition of the acetyltransferases ATase1 and ATase2 reduces β-secretase (BACE1) levels and Aβ generation.
A conserved KIN17 curved DNA-binding domain protein assembles with SQUAMOSA PROMOTER-BINDING PROTEIN-LIKE7 to adapt Arabidopsis growth and development to limiting copper availability.
Analogous mechanisms of resistance to benzothiazinones and dinitrobenzamides in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Requirement of nickel metabolism proteins HypA and HypB for full activity of both hydrogenase and urease in Helicobacter pylori.
The isolation and sequence of a novel gene from a human functional T cell line.
Sast124, a novel splice variant of syntrophin-associated serine/threonine kinase (SAST), is specifically localized in the restricted brain regions.
Functional characterization of a Na+-dependent aspartate transporter from Pyrococcus horikoshii.
MRM2 encodes a novel yeast mitochondrial 21S rRNA methyltransferase.
The RecQ4 orthologue Hrq1 is critical for DNA interstrand cross-link repair and genome stability in fission yeast.
Two novel RING-type ubiquitin ligases, RGLG3 and RGLG4, are essential for jasmonate-mediated responses in Arabidopsis.
Structural analysis of Centrolobium tomentosum seed lectin with inflammatory activity.
Crystal structure of CC3 (TIP30): implications for its role as a tumor suppressor.
Complete sequence and in vitro expression of a tissue-specific phosphatidylinositol-linked N-CAM isoform from skeletal muscle.
PPM1H is a p27 phosphatase implicated in trastuzumab resistance.
Genes involved in centrosome-independent mitotic spindle assembly in Drosophila S2 cells.
A 7-dimethylallyltryptophan synthase from Aspergillus fumigatus: overproduction, purification and biochemical characterization.
Expression of human relaxin genes: characterization of a novel alternatively-spliced human relaxin mRNA species.
Cloning and characterization of lin genes responsible for the degradation of Hexachlorocyclohexane isomers by Sphingomonas paucimobilis strain B90.
cDNA sequence of the human cellular early growth response gene Egr-1.
CLAN, a novel human CED-4-like gene.
Molecular cloning and expression of an adenylyl cyclase from Xenopus laevis oocytes.
The essential WD-repeat protein Rsa4p is required for rRNA processing and intra-nuclear transport of 60S ribosomal subunits.
Functional conservation for lipid storage droplet association among Perilipin, ADRP, and TIP47 (PAT)-related proteins in mammals, Drosophila, and Dictyostelium.
Structure and function of the dihydropteroate synthase from Staphylococcus aureus.
A murine fer testis-specific transcript (ferT) encodes a truncated Fer protein.
Coordinated regulation of accessory genetic elements produces cyclic di-nucleotides for V. cholerae virulence.
Structural insights into the mechanism of the PLP synthase holoenzyme from Thermotoga maritima.
Identification of neuropeptide Y-like conopeptides from the venom of Conus betulinus.
Alternative splicing in intron 13 of the human eNOS gene: a potential mechanism for regulating eNOS activity.
Plant protein inhibitors of invertases.
egl-4 acts through a transforming growth factor-beta/SMAD pathway in Caenorhabditis elegans to regulate multiple neuronal circuits in response to sensory cues.
Localization and function of the accessory protein Mfa3 in Porphyromonas gingivalis Mfa1 fimbriae.
Identification of a Class of Protein ADP-Ribosylating Sirtuins in Microbial Pathogens.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. V. The coding sequences of 40 new genes (KIAA0161-KIAA0200) deduced by analysis of cDNA clones from human cell line KG-1.
Deletion of the GRE3 aldose reductase gene and its influence on xylose metabolism in recombinant strains of Saccharomyces cerevisiae expressing the xylA and XKS1 genes.
The human hnRNP M proteins: identification of a methionine/arginine-rich repeat motif in ribonucleoproteins.
Nrf1 is targeted to the endoplasmic reticulum membrane by an N-terminal transmembrane domain. Inhibition of nuclear translocation and transacting function.
Tissue-specific expression of unique mRNAs that encode proglucagon-derived peptides or exendin 4 in the lizard.
Identification of a new tumor suppressor gene located at chromosome 8p21.3-22.
Impaired interleukin-3 (IL-3) response of the A/J mouse is caused by a branch point deletion in the IL-3 receptor alpha subunit gene.
Different gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase mRNAs are expressed in human liver and kidney.
Purification and characterization of a neurotoxin from the venom of Ophiophagus hannah (king cobra).
Identification and characterization of a novel Tre-2/Bub2/Cdc16 (TBC) protein that possesses Rab3A-GAP activity.
Activation of p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), but not c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase, induces phosphorylation and stabilization of MAPK phosphatase XCL100 in Xenopus oocytes.
Isolation of a murine gene encoding a nucleic acid-binding protein with homology to hnRNP K.
Mouse LIM-kinase 2 gene: cDNA cloning, genomic organization, and tissue-specific expression of two alternatively initiated transcripts.
Electrophysiological and pharmacological correspondence between Kv4.2 current and rat cardiac transient outward current.
Magnesium and phosphate ions enable NAD binding to methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase-methenyltetrahydrofolate cyclohydrolase.
Deficiency of FANCD2-associated nuclease KIAA1018/FAN1 sensitizes cells to interstrand crosslinking agents.
Molecular cloning and bacterial expression of a cDNA encoding furostanol glycoside 26-O-beta-glucosidase of Costus speciosus.
Characterization of the mouse Abcc12 gene and its transcript encoding an ATP-binding cassette transporter, an orthologue of human ABCC12.
Biochemical evidence for an alternate pathway in N-linked glycoprotein biosynthesis.
A genetic screen to identify components of the sina signaling pathway in Drosophila eye development.
Human deoxyhypusine hydroxylase, an enzyme involved in regulating cell growth, activates O2 with a nonheme diiron center.
Disruption of msl3 abolishes the synthesis of mycolipanoic and mycolipenic acids required for polyacyltrehalose synthesis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv and causes cell aggregation.
The Drosophila fl(2)d gene, required for female-specific splicing of Sxl and tra pre-mRNAs, encodes a novel nuclear protein with a HQ-rich domain.
A common haplotype of interferon regulatory factor 5 (IRF5) regulates splicing and expression and is associated with increased risk of systemic lupus erythematosus.
The receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase (OsRLCK) gene family in rice: organization, phylogenetic relationship, and expression during development and stress.
A protein secretion pathway critical for Mycobacterium tuberculosis virulence is conserved and functional in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Bacillus subtilis iolU encodes an additional NADP<sup>+</sup>-dependent scyllo-inositol dehydrogenase.
Chloroplast gene for Mr 32000 polypeptide of photosystem II in Euglena gracilis is interrupted by four introns with conserved boundary sequences.
The DNA sequence and analysis of human chromosome 6.
Switch of PMCA4 splice variants in bovine epididymis results in altered isoform expression during functional sperm maturation.
The Caenorhabditis elegans genes egl-27 and egr-1 are similar to MTA1, a member of a chromatin regulatory complex, and are redundantly required for embryonic patterning.
Cell and chloroplast division requires ARTEMIS.
The family of LSU-like proteins.
Identification and expression profiling analysis of TIFY family genes involved in stress and phytohormone responses in rice.
The human gastrin/cholecystokinin type B receptor gene: alternative splice donor site in exon 4 generates two variant mRNAs.
Protein associated with SMAD1 (PAWS1/FAM83G) is a substrate for type I bone morphogenetic protein receptors and modulates bone morphogenetic protein signalling.
A RubisCO-like protein links SAM metabolism with isoprenoid biosynthesis.
PIG7/LITAF gene mutation and overexpression of its gene product in extramammary Paget's disease.
Isolation and nucleotide sequence of the cDNA encoding human ventricular myosin light chain 2.
Cryptosporidium parvum IMP dehydrogenase: identification of functional, structural, and dynamic properties that can be exploited for drug design.
Identification and characterization of a novel ferric reductase from the hyperthermophilic Archaeon Archaeoglobus fulgidus.
Lysyl oxidase-like 3b is critical for cartilage maturation during zebrafish craniofacial development.
A novel human PACE4 isoform, PACE4E is an active processing protease containing a hydrophobic cluster at the carboxy terminus.
Evidence for the expression of four myelin basic protein variants in the developing human spinal cord through cDNA cloning.
Oxidation of Monolignols by Members of the Berberine Bridge Enzyme Family Suggests a Role in Plant Cell Wall Metabolism.
Alternative polyadenylation events contribute to the induction of NF-ATc in effector T cells.
Organ-specific function of adhesion G protein-coupled receptor GPR126 is domain-dependent.
Mfa4, an Accessory Protein of Mfa1 Fimbriae, Modulates Fimbrial Biogenesis, Cell Auto-Aggregation, and Biofilm Formation in Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Human Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase beta gene encodes multiple isoforms that display distinct kinase activity.
The amino acid sequence of toxin V from Anemonia sulcata.
Soluble HLA-G molecule. An alternatively spliced HLA-G mRNA form candidate to encode it in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and human trophoblasts.
PmST2: a novel Pasteurella multocida glycolipid α2-3-sialyltransferase.
Phylogenetic footprinting of transcription factor binding sites in proteobacterial genomes.
Shaker encodes a family of putative potassium channel proteins in the nervous system of Drosophila.
Primary structure of c-kit: relationship with the CSF-1/PDGF receptor kinase family--oncogenic activation of v-kit involves deletion of extracellular domain and C terminus.
Deoxyhypusine hydroxylase is a Fe(II)-dependent, HEAT-repeat enzyme. Identification of amino acid residues critical for Fe(II) binding and catalysis [corrected].
Myrf ER-Bound Transcription Factors Drive C. elegans Synaptic Plasticity via Cleavage-Dependent Nuclear Translocation.
Cloning and characterization of mouse 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase gamma3 subunit.
Identification of multiple antimicrobial peptides from the skin of fine-spined frog, Hylarana spinulosa (Ranidae).
Enzyme-substrate complexes of the quinate/shikimate dehydrogenase from Corynebacterium glutamicum enable new insights in substrate and cofactor binding, specificity, and discrimination.
Role of IFI 16, a member of the interferon-inducible p200-protein family, in prostate epithelial cellular senescence.
Comparative studies of antimitochondrial autoantibodies in sera and bile in primary biliary cirrhosis.
Eiger and its receptor, Wengen, comprise a TNF-like system in Drosophila.
Identification of a novel protein phosphatase 2A regulatory subunit highly expressed in muscle.
A partial structure of histone h1 from sperm of the sea urchin Sphaerechinus granulosus.
PRDA1, a novel chloroplast nucleoid protein, is required for early chloroplast development and is involved in the regulation of plastid gene expression in Arabidopsis.
Structural studies of an anti-inflammatory lectin from Canavalia boliviana seeds in complex with dimannosides.
LINKIN, a new transmembrane protein necessary for cell adhesion.
The over-expression of two transcription factors, ABS5/bHLH30 and ABS7/MYB101, leads to upwardly curly leaves.
KSR, a novel protein kinase required for RAS signal transduction.
l-Methionine sulfoximine, but not phosphinothricin, is a substrate for an acetyltransferase (gene PA4866) from Pseudomonas aeruginosa: structural and functional studies.
Identification of a protein that binds to the SH3 region of Abl and is similar to Bcr and GAP-rho.
Aerobic biodegradation of 2,4-Dinitroanisole by Nocardioides sp. strain JS1661.
beta-Glutamate as a substrate for glutamine synthetase.
JEM-1, a novel gene encoding a leucine-zipper nuclear factor upregulated during retinoid-induced maturation of NB4 promyelocytic leukaemia.
A novel murine long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase expressed in brain participates in neuronal cell proliferation.
Identification of a new expanding family of genes characterized by atypical LRR domains. Localization of a cluster preferentially expressed in oocyte.
The Arabidopsis PPDK gene is transcribed from two promoters to produce differentially expressed transcripts responsible for cytosolic and plastidic proteins.
Characterization of the genes encoding the three-component membrane-bound alcohol dehydrogenase from Gluconobacter suboxydans and their expression in Acetobacter pasteurianus.
Purple acid phosphatases of Arabidopsis thaliana. Comparative analysis and differential regulation by phosphate deprivation.
The BEN domain is a novel sequence-specific DNA-binding domain conserved in neural transcriptional repressors.
The BMP-related protein radar: a maintenance factor for dorsal neuroectoderm cells?
Human myosin VIIA responsible for the Usher 1B syndrome: a predicted membrane-associated motor protein expressed in developing sensory epithelia.
The complete primary structure of human nebulin and its correlation to muscle structure.
IRTA1 and IRTA2, novel immunoglobulin superfamily receptors expressed in B cells and involved in chromosome 1q21 abnormalities in B cell malignancy.
Novel products of the HUD, HUC, NNP-1 and alpha-internexin genes identified by autologous antibody screening of a pediatric neuroblastoma library.
Dynein modifiers in C. elegans: light chains suppress conditional heavy chain mutants.
Primary structure and functional properties of an epithelial K channel.
Regulation of plasmodesmatal permeability and stomatal patterning by the glycosyltransferase-like protein KOBITO1.
The testicular transcript of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme encodes for the ancestral, non-duplicated form of the enzyme.
Two isoforms of G protein-coupled receptor kinase 4 identified by molecular cloning.
Structure of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis D-alanine:D-alanine ligase, a target of the antituberculosis drug D-cycloserine.
Molecular cloning of the CA125 ovarian cancer antigen: identification as a new mucin, MUC16.
The AHR-1 aryl hydrocarbon receptor and its co-factor the AHA-1 aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator specify GABAergic neuron cell fate in C. elegans.
Synaptic membrane glycoproteins gp65 and gp55 are new members of the immunoglobulin superfamily.
KCNQ4, a novel potassium channel expressed in sensory outer hair cells, is mutated in dominant deafness.
The early extra petals1 mutant uncovers a role for microRNA miR164c in regulating petal number in Arabidopsis.
Identification of Dipeptidyl-Peptidase (DPP)5 and DPP7 in Porphyromonas endodontalis, Distinct from Those in Porphyromonas gingivalis.
A novel alternative spliced Mpv17-like protein isoform localizes in cytosol and is expressed in a kidney- and adult-specific manner.
The identification of Pcl1-interacting proteins that genetically interact with Cla4 may indicate a link between G1 progression and mitotic exit.
The globular head domain of titin extends into the center of the sarcomeric M band. cDNA cloning, epitope mapping and immunoelectron microscopy of two titin-associated proteins.
Genome-wide association mapping identifies a new arsenate reductase enzyme critical for limiting arsenic accumulation in plants.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis glucosyl-3-phosphoglycerate synthase: structure of a key enzyme in methylglucose lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis.
Domain-swapped chain connectivity and gated membrane access in a Fab-mediated crystal of the human TRAAK K+ channel.
MER3 is required for normal meiotic crossover formation, but not for presynaptic alignment in rice.
Functional and evolutionary relationship between arginine biosynthesis and prokaryotic lysine biosynthesis through alpha-aminoadipate.
Functional identification of a novel 14-3-3 epsilon splicing variant suggests dimerization is not necessary for 14-3-3 epsilon to inhibit UV-induced apoptosis.
Arabidopsis SENESCENCE-ASSOCIATED GENE101 stabilizes and signals within an ENHANCED DISEASE SUSCEPTIBILITY1 complex in plant innate immunity.
GFRAL is the receptor for GDF15 and is required for the anti-obesity effects of the ligand.
Jjj1 Is a Negative Regulator of Pdr1-Mediated Fluconazole Resistance in <i>Candida glabrata</i>.
Alpha-actinin is a new type of house dust mite allergen.
Cloning of Nrf1, an NF-E2-related transcription factor, by genetic selection in yeast.
The enhancer of position-effect variegation of Drosophila, E(var)3-93D, codes for a chromatin protein containing a conserved domain common to several transcriptional regulators.
Molecular and functional characterization of acid-sensing ion channel (ASIC) 1b.
An unusual N-terminal deletion of the laminin alpha3a isoform leads to the chronic granulation tissue disorder laryngo-onycho-cutaneous syndrome.
Crystal structure of an electron transfer complex between aromatic amine dehydrogenase and azurin from Alcaligenes faecalis.
Dioxygenases, key enzymes to determine the aglycon structures of fusicoccin and brassicicene, diterpene compounds produced by fungi.
Amino-acid sequence of a coelenterate toxin: toxin II from Anemonia sulcata.
Humans lack iGb3 due to the absence of functional iGb3-synthase: implications for NKT cell development and transplantation.
Mutations in GAS8, a Gene Encoding a Nexin-Dynein Regulatory Complex Subunit, Cause Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia with Axonemal Disorganization.
A fibulin-1 homolog interacts with an ADAM protease that controls cell migration in C. elegans.
Identification of the monooxygenase gene clusters responsible for the regioselective oxidation of phenol to hydroquinone in mycobacteria.
Quantitative Analysis of Apisin, a Major Protein Unique to Royal Jelly.
SPINK3 modulates mouse sperm physiology through the reduction of nitric oxide level independently of its trypsin inhibitory activity.
IMP dehydrogenase from the protozoan parasite Toxoplasma gondii.
Drosophila lowfat, a novel modulator of Fat signaling.
Analysis of cDNA clones that code for the transmembrane forms of the mouse neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM) and are generated by alternative RNA splicing.
Identification and expression of a novel gene in odour-taste associative learning in the terrestrial slug.
An inducible gene product for 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase with an AU-rich instability element: role in tumor cell glycolysis and the Warburg effect.
Identification of two mPPAR related receptors and evidence for the existence of five subfamily members.
Cloning and characterization of the human FCRL2 gene.
Kinase suppressor of Ras forms a multiprotein signaling complex and modulates MEK localization.
Cloning and characterization of a human delayed rectifier potassium channel gene.
X-ray crystallographic and enzymatic analyses of shikimate dehydrogenase from Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Studies on the mechanism of p-hydroxyphenylacetate 3-hydroxylase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa: a system composed of a small flavin reductase and a large flavin-dependent oxygenase.
Mouse NKR-P1. A family of genes selectively coexpressed in adherent lymphokine-activated killer cells.
Fumarase a from Escherichia coli: purification and characterization as an iron-sulfur cluster containing enzyme.
Biochemical characterization and molecular cloning of a novel endothelial-specific sialomucin.
Sequence of the murine Huntington disease gene: evidence for conservation, alternate splicing and polymorphism in a triplet (CCG) repeat [corrected].
Identification of HLA-G7 as a new splice variant of the HLA-G mRNA and expression of soluble HLA-G5, -G6, and -G7 transcripts in human transfected cells.
Identification and biochemical characterization of a GDSL-motif carboxylester hydrolase from Carica papaya latex.
High-resolution mapping of the 11q13 amplicon and identification of a gene, TAOS1, that is amplified and overexpressed in oral cancer cells.
Stuxnet Facilitates the Degradation of Polycomb Protein during Development.
Purification of a PHA-like chitin-binding protein from Acacia farnesiana seeds: a time-dependent oligomerization protein.
Arabidopsis Atypical Kinases ABC1K1 and ABC1K3 Act Oppositely to Cope with Photodamage Under Red Light.
Salt adaptation in Acinetobacter baylyi: identification and characterization of a secondary glycine betaine transporter.
SAF-2, a splice variant of SAF-1, acts as a negative regulator of transcription.
Potentiation of serum response factor activity by a family of myocardin-related transcription factors.
The cloning and expression of a new guanylyl cyclase orphan receptor.
Human EZF, a Krüppel-like zinc finger protein, is expressed in vascular endothelial cells and contains transcriptional activation and repression domains.
Characterization of a family of IAA-amino acid conjugate hydrolases from Arabidopsis.
Molecular cloning and expression of GDP-D-mannose-4,6-dehydratase, a key enzyme for fucose metabolism defective in Lec13 cells.
N-Glycosylation is not a prerequisite for glutamate receptor function but Is essential for lectin modulation.
Alix, a novel mouse protein undergoing calcium-dependent interaction with the apoptosis-linked-gene 2 (ALG-2) protein.
Structure of the Arabidopsis glucan phosphatase like sex four2 reveals a unique mechanism for starch dephosphorylation.
14-3-3 epsilon positively regulates Ras-mediated signaling in Drosophila.
The oxidative pentose phosphate pathway in the haloarchaeon Haloferax volcanii involves a novel type of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase--The archaeal Zwischenferment.
EphA receptors regulate growth cone dynamics through the novel guanine nucleotide exchange factor ephexin.
Identification of genes expressed in human CD34(+) hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells by expressed sequence tags and efficient full-length cDNA cloning.
Cloning and characterization of cDNA sequences encoding for new venom peptides of the Brazilian scorpion Opisthacanthus cayaporum.
Comparative venom gland transcriptome analysis of the scorpion Lychas mucronatus reveals intraspecific toxic gene diversity and new venomous components.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XVII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Peptidomics-based phylogeny and biogeography of Mantophasmatodea (Hexapoda).
Interleukin-36 (IL-36) ligands require processing for full agonist (IL-36α, IL-36β, and IL-36γ) or antagonist (IL-36Ra) activity.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two related and interferon-induced 56-kDa and 30-kDa proteins highly similar to 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase.
G9a histone methyltransferase plays a dominant role in euchromatic histone H3 lysine 9 methylation and is essential for early embryogenesis.
The structures of Thermoplasma volcanium phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase bound to ribose-5-phosphate and ATP analogs.
A novel mouse desmosomal cadherin family member, desmoglein 1 gamma.
A primate-specific, brain isoform of KCNH2 affects cortical physiology, cognition, neuronal repolarization and risk of schizophrenia.
Galectin-12, an Adipose-expressed Galectin-like Molecule Possessing Apoptosis-inducing Activity.
Activation of stress-activated protein kinases/c-Jun N-terminal protein kinases (SAPKs/JNKs) by a novel mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase.
Accumulation of hydroxycinnamic acid amides induced by pathogen infection and identification of agmatine coumaroyltransferase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The egg surface LDL receptor repeat-containing proteins EGG-1 and EGG-2 are required for fertilization in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Age-dependent resistance to lethal alphavirus encephalitis in mice: analysis of gene expression in the central nervous system and identification of a novel interferon-inducible protective gene, mouse ISG12.
Organization and nucleotide sequence of the glutamine synthetase (glnA) gene from Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus.
GCK-3, a newly identified Ste20 kinase, binds to and regulates the activity of a cell cycle-dependent ClC anion channel.
Analysis of the cDNAs of hypothetical genes on Arabidopsis chromosome 2 reveals numerous transcript variants.
Structure and mechanism of MbtI, the salicylate synthase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Regulation and expression of the arsenic resistance operon from Staphylococcus aureus plasmid pI258.
Processing the interspecies quorum-sensing signal autoinducer-2 (AI-2): characterization of phospho-(S)-4,5-dihydroxy-2,3-pentanedione isomerization by LsrG protein.
Cup is an eIF4E binding protein required for both the translational repression of oskar and the recruitment of Barentsz.
Cloning and functional expression of cDNA encoding aphidicolan-16 beta-ol synthase: a key enzyme responsible for formation of an unusual diterpene skeleton in biosynthesis of aphidicolin.
A polysaccharide lyase from Stenotrophomonas maltophilia with a unique, pH-regulated substrate specificity.
Epiplakin gene analysis in mouse reveals a single exon encoding a 725-kDa protein with expression restricted to epithelial tissues.
Structure of the Proteus vulgaris HigB-(HigA)2-HigB toxin-antitoxin complex.
AtMYB61, an R2R3-MYB transcription factor controlling stomatal aperture in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Caenorhabditis elegans gene mfap-1 encodes a nuclear protein that affects alternative splicing.
Nucleotide sequence, chromosomal assignment and mRNA expression of mouse hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha.
Characterization of the myotubularin dual specificity phosphatase gene family from yeast to human.
Characterization of genes encoding translation initiation factor eIF-2gamma in mouse and human: sex chromosome localization, escape from X-inactivation and evolution.
Salicylic acid induction-deficient mutants of Arabidopsis express PR-2 and PR-5 and accumulate high levels of camalexin after pathogen inoculation.
Functional interaction between SEL-10, an F-box protein, and the nuclear form of activated Notch1 receptor.
AMPylation matches BiP activity to client protein load in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Molecular and developmental characterization of novel cDNAs of the myelin-associated/oligodendrocytic basic protein.
Fxna, a novel gene differentially expressed in the rat ovary at the time of folliculogenesis, is required for normal ovarian histogenesis.
Cloning and characterization of an isoform of interleukin-21.
Crystal structure of the flavoprotein ArsH from Sinorhizobium meliloti.
Purification and characterization of a novel calcium-binding protein from the extrapallial fluid of the mollusc, Mytilus edulis.
Deficiency of a novel retinoblastoma binding protein 2-homolog is a consistent feature of sporadic human melanoma skin cancer.
Molecular characterization of KLHL3, a human homologue of the Drosophila kelch gene.
Rice P1B-type heavy-metal ATPase, OsHMA9, is a metal efflux protein.
Cleavage of Rubber by the Latex Clearing Protein (Lcp) of Streptomyces sp. Strain K30: Molecular Insights.
Human glutamate receptor hGluR3 flip and flop isoforms: cloning and sequencing of the cDNAs and primary structure of the proteins.
Comparative analysis of bacterial-origin genes for plant mitochondrial ribosomal proteins.
Deciphering the cryptic genome: genome-wide analyses of the rice pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi reveal complex regulation of secondary metabolism and novel metabolites.
Induction of chilling resistance by water stress, and cDNA sequence analysis and expression of water stress-regulated genes in rice.
Arabidopsis systemic immunity uses conserved defense signaling pathways and is mediated by jasmonates.
Assignment of function to a domain of unknown function: DUF1537 is a new kinase family in catabolic pathways for acid sugars.
CIP, a cardiac Isl1-interacting protein, represses cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
Cloning of a cDNA encoding the dense granule protein GRA3 from Toxoplasma gondii.
Activation of a novel gene in 3q21 and identification of intergenic fusion transcripts with ecotropic viral insertion site I in leukemia.
A designer ligand specific for Kv1.3 channels from a scorpion neurotoxin-based library.
Characterization of a novel snake venom component: Kazal-type inhibitor-like protein from the arboreal pitviper Bothriechis schlegelii.
Coupling substrate and ion binding to extracellular gate of a sodium-dependent aspartate transporter.
Disruption of a spermatogenic cell-specific mouse enolase 4 (eno4) gene causes sperm structural defects and male infertility.
Generation of complexity in fungal terpene biosynthesis: discovery of a multifunctional cytochrome P450 in the fumagillin pathway.
Unveiling the biosynthetic puzzle of destruxins in Metarhizium species.
Splice isoform of 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase-4: expression and hypoxic regulation.
Two small enzyme isoforms mediate mammalian mitochondrial poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase (PARG) activity.
Molecular cloning and nucleic acid binding properties of the GAP-associated tyrosine phosphoprotein p62.
Postsynaptic short-chain neurotoxins from Pseudonaja textilis. cDNA cloning, expression and protein characterization.
A novel mode of TRPML3 regulation by extracytosolic pH absent in the varitint-waddler phenotype.
A eukaryotic nicotinate-inducible gene cluster: convergent evolution in fungi and bacteria.
The crystal structure of pseudokinase PEAK1 (Sugen kinase 269) reveals an unusual catalytic cleft and a novel mode of kinase fold dimerization.
An efflux transporter of silicon in rice.
Application of carborundum abrasion for investigating the leaf epidermis: molecular cloning of Catharanthus roseus 16-hydroxytabersonine-16-O-methyltransferase.
Slotoxin, alphaKTx1.11, a new scorpion peptide blocker of MaxiK channels that differentiates between alpha and alpha+beta (beta1 or beta4) complexes.
The biosynthetic gene cluster for sophorolipids: a biotechnological interesting biosurfactant produced by Starmerella bombicola.
Identification of osteoblast/osteocyte factor 45 (OF45), a bone-specific cDNA encoding an RGD-containing protein that is highly expressed in osteoblasts and osteocytes.
Controlling a structural branch point in ergot alkaloid biosynthesis.
Homocysteine thiolactone is a positive effector of sigma(S) levels in Escherichia coli.
Fertilization antigen-1: cDNA cloning, testis-specific expression, and immunocontraceptive effects.
Improving proteolytic cleavage at the 3A/3B site of the hepatitis A virus polyprotein impairs processing and particle formation, and the impairment can be complemented in trans by 3AB and 3ABC.
Systemic signaling in tomato plants for defense against herbivores. Isolation and characterization of three novel defense-signaling glycopeptide hormones coded in a single precursor gene.
Hsp31, the Escherichia coli yedU gene product, is a molecular chaperone whose activity is inhibited by ATP at high temperatures.
Interaction of HCF-1 with a cellular nuclear export factor.
Identification and cell cycle-dependent localization of nine novel, genuine centrosomal components in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Cloning of Tabby, the murine homolog of the human EDA gene: evidence for a membrane-associated protein with a short collagenous domain.
Signal sequence and keyword trap in silico for selection of full-length human cDNAs encoding secretion or membrane proteins from oligo-capped cDNA libraries.
Mutations in Mcoln3 associated with deafness and pigmentation defects in varitint-waddler (Va) mice.
Expression of a zinc finger gene in HTLV-I- and HTLV-II-transformed cells.
The GARP gene encodes a new member of the family of leucine-rich repeat-containing proteins.
Molecular diversity of toxic components from the scorpion Heterometrus petersii venom revealed by proteomic and transcriptome analysis.
Expression of a disintegrin-like protein in cultured human vascular cells and in vivo.
Evolutionary history of the Asr gene family.
Functions required for extracellular quinolone signaling by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
[Localization of human sterol carrier protein 2 gene and cDNA expression in COS-7 cell].
Identification of the ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase isoforms essential for starch synthesis in the leaf and seed endosperm of rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Crystallization and preliminary structure determination of the membrane-bound complex cytochrome c nitrite reductase from Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough.
Nuclear envelope transmembrane proteins (NETs) that are up-regulated during myogenesis.
Analysis of the soluble cell wall proteome of gymnosperms.
Identification and androgen-regulated expression of two major human glandular kallikrein-1 (hGK-1) mRNA species.
The crystal structure of pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase in a closed conformation.
Crystal structure of the pyridoxal-5'-phosphate dependent cystathionine beta-lyase from Escherichia coli at 1.83 A.
Identification of the surfactant protein A receptor 210 as the unconventional myosin 18A.
Reciprocal expression of myelin-associated glycoprotein splice variants in the adult human peripheral and central nervous systems.
Molecular cloning and initial characterization of the MG61/PORC gene, the human homologue of the Drosophila segment polarity gene Porcupine.
Antimicrobial peptides from the skin of the Asian frog, Odorrana jingdongensis: de novo sequencing and analysis of tandem mass spectrometry data.
Artificial mutations and natural variations in the CD46 molecules from human and monkey cells define regions important for measles virus binding.
Lae1 regulates expression of multiple secondary metabolite gene clusters in Fusarium verticillioides.
Unusual regioversatility of acetyltransferase Eis, a cause of drug resistance in XDR-TB.
Structural and functional characterization of human potassium channel subunit beta 1 (KCNA1B).
Characterization of bison (Bison bison) myoglobin.
A human peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-gamma is activated by inducers of adipogenesis, including thiazolidinedione drugs.
Detection of an interleukin-1 intracellular receptor antagonist mRNA variant.
A species-specific cluster of defensin-like genes encodes diffusible pollen tube attractants in Arabidopsis.
A differentiation-dependent splice variant of myosin light chain kinase, MLCK1, regulates epithelial tight junction permeability.
Cloning and characterization of the N-acetylglucosamine operon of Escherichia coli.
A comprehensive analysis of the geranylgeranylglyceryl phosphate synthase enzyme family identifies novel members and reveals mechanisms of substrate specificity and quaternary structure organization.
Point mutations in the Drosophila hairy gene demonstrate in vivo requirements for basic, helix-loop-helix, and WRPW domains.
Lef-1 isoforms regulate different target genes and reduce cellular adhesion.
Neurotractin, a novel neurite outgrowth-promoting Ig-like protein that interacts with CEPU-1 and LAMP.
An N-terminal sequence specific for a novel Homer1 isoform controls trafficking of group I metabotropic glutamate receptor in mammalian cells.
Deletion mutation in Drosophila ma-l homologous, putative molybdopterin cofactor sulfurase gene is associated with bovine xanthinuria type II.
Structure and activity of AbiQ, a lactococcal endoribonuclease belonging to the type III toxin-antitoxin system.
Characterization of the CaENG1 gene encoding an endo-1,3-beta-glucanase involved in cell separation in Candida albicans.
EXD2 promotes homologous recombination by facilitating DNA end resection.
An evolutionarily conserved transmembrane protein that is a novel downstream target of neurotrophin and ephrin receptors.
Isolation of two new members of the NF-AT gene family and functional characterization of the NF-AT proteins.
Structure of the fimbrial protein Mfa4 from Porphyromonas gingivalis in its precursor form: implications for a donor-strand complementation mechanism.
Organization of the mitochondrial translation machinery studied in situ by cryoelectron tomography.
Transcriptome characterization elucidates signaling networks that control human ES cell growth and differentiation.
DNA sequencing of the seven remaining structural genes of the gene cluster encoding the energy-transducing NADH-quinone oxidoreductase of Paracoccus denitrificans.
A novel ubiquitously distributed isoform of GIRK2 (GIRK2B) enhances GIRK1 expression of the G-protein-gated K+ current in Xenopus oocytes.
Four novel ULBP splice variants are ligands for human NKG2D.
Cloning of the genes encoding two murine and human cochlear unconventional type I myosins.
An Eps homology (EH) domain protein that binds to the Ral-GTPase target, RalBP1.
Formaldehyde dismutase, a novel NAD-binding oxidoreductase from Pseudomonas putida F61.
Iron-dependent RNA-binding activity of Mycobacterium tuberculosis aconitase.
Up-regulated expression of a novel gene in activated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells that is a truncated paralog of the human system L-amino acid transporter 1.
Major role for FeoB in Campylobacter jejuni ferrous iron acquisition, gut colonization, and intracellular survival.
Human insulin receptor and its relationship to the tyrosine kinase family of oncogenes.
Dimeric quaternary structure of human laforin.
Caenorhabditis elegans orthologs of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor and its heterodimerization partner the aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator.
Identification and characterization of a novel family of membrane magnesium transporters, MMgT1 and MMgT2.
MYST protein acetyltransferase activity requires active site lysine autoacetylation.
An aberrant lck mRNA in two human T-cell lines.
A proteomics and transcriptomics investigation of the venom from the barychelid spider Trittame loki (brush-foot trapdoor).
Identification of an RNA Polymerase III Regulator Linked to Disease-Associated Protein Aggregation.
Subcellular compartmentalization of human Nfu, an iron-sulfur cluster scaffold protein, and its ability to assemble a [4Fe-4S] cluster.
Biochemical properties of ectoine hydroxylases from extremophiles and their wider taxonomic distribution among microorganisms.
Identification and expression analysis of alternatively spliced isoforms of human interleukin-23 receptor gene in normal lymphoid cells and selected tumor cells.
Structure and organization of the human metaxin gene (MTX) and pseudogene.
G1P3, an interferon inducible gene 6-16, is expressed in gastric cancers and inhibits mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis in gastric cancer cell line TMK-1 cell.
Peptide fingerprinting of the sea anemone Heteractis magnifica mucus revealed neurotoxins, Kunitz-type proteinase inhibitors and a new β-defensin α-amylase inhibitor.
HDAC4, a human histone deacetylase related to yeast HDA1, is a transcriptional corepressor.
Molecular characterization of an aberrant mercury resistance transposable element from an environmental Acinetobacter strain.
Amino acids that confer transport of raffinose and maltose sugars in the raffinose permease (RafB) of Escherichia coli as implicated by spontaneous mutations at Val-35, Ser-138, Ser-139, Gly-389 and Ile-391.
EHD2, EHD3, and EHD4 encode novel members of a highly conserved family of EH domain-containing proteins.
Characterization of the glyoxysomal isocitrate lyase genes of Aspergillus nidulans (acuD) and Neurospora crassa (acu-3).
Shu1 is a cell-surface protein involved in iron acquisition from heme in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Purification, cloning, and expression of a murine phosphoprotein that binds the kappa B motif in vitro identifies it as the homolog of the human heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K protein. Description of a novel DNA-dependent phosphorylation process.
pdf1, a palmitoyl protein thioesterase 1 Ortholog in Schizosaccharomyces pombe: a yeast model of infantile Batten disease.
Jasmonate induction of the monoterpene linalool confers resistance to rice bacterial blight and its biosynthesis is regulated by JAZ protein in rice.
Modulation of abscisic acid signal transduction and biosynthesis by an Sm-like protein in Arabidopsis.
Manganese homeostasis in Bacillus subtilis is regulated by MntR, a bifunctional regulator related to the diphtheria toxin repressor family of proteins.
Expression of placental leucine aminopeptidase/oxytocinase in neuronal cells and its action on neuronal peptides.
The two opposing activities of adenylyl transferase reside in distinct homologous domains, with intramolecular signal transduction.
Molecular cloning and expression of a novel human gene that is highly homologous to human FK506-binding protein 12kDa (hFKBP-12) and characterization of two alternatively spliced transcripts.
Full-length cDNAs from chicken bursal lymphocytes to facilitate gene function analysis.
Structure and function of the B and D genes of the Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans leukotoxin complex.
Ligand-dependent transcription activation by nuclear receptors requires the DRIP complex.
Characterization of a cis-Golgi matrix protein, GM130.
A LexA-related protein regulates redox-sensitive expression of the cyanobacterial RNA helicase, crhR.
Disruption of the mouse Jhy gene causes abnormal ciliary microtubule patterning and juvenile hydrocephalus.
Distinct functional roles of peroxiredoxin isozymes and glutathione peroxidase from fission yeast, Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Jingzhaotoxin-IX, a novel gating modifier of both sodium and potassium channels from Chinese tarantula Chilobrachys jingzhao.
Biosynthesis of bacterial glycogen. Characterization of the subunit structure of Escherichia coli B glucose-1-phosphate adenylyltransferase (EC 2.7.7.27).
The 'true' L-xylulose reductase of filamentous fungi identified in Aspergillus niger.
RNA cytidine acetyltransferase of small-subunit ribosomal RNA: identification of acetylation sites and the responsible acetyltransferase in fission yeast, Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Cloning and sequencing of the L-fucose dehydrogenase gene from Pseudomonas sp. No. 1143.
Multiple gene products are produced from a novel protein kinase transcription region.
The DNA sequence of human chromosome 22.
Identification of factors required for meristem function in Arabidopsis using a novel next generation sequencing fast forward genetics approach.
Differentiation of frogs from two populations belonging to the Pelophylax esculentus complex by LC-MS/MS comparison of their skin peptidomes.
Structure and dynamics of Antarctic fish neuroglobin assessed by computer simulations.
Preparation and characterization of a novel rice plant-specific kinesin.
Ndufaf5 deficiency in the Dictyostelium model: new roles in autophagy and development.
Multicilin drives centriole biogenesis via E2f proteins.
Arabidopsis PPP family of serine/threonine phosphatases.
Visualizing long-range movement of the morphogen Xnr2 in the Xenopus embryo.
Evidence that peptide deformylase and methionyl-tRNA(fMet) formyltransferase are encoded within the same operon in Escherichia coli.
Mitochondria-associated hexokinases play a role in the control of programmed cell death in Nicotiana benthamiana.
The SEP4 gene of Arabidopsis thaliana functions in floral organ and meristem identity.
[The first member of a novel family of eukaryotic transcription factors detected by the heterospecific complementation].
Phosphatidylserine receptor is required for the engulfment of dead apoptotic cells and for normal embryonic development in zebrafish.
Intronic promoter drives the BORIS-regulated expression of FerT in colon carcinoma cells.
SAG101 forms a ternary complex with EDS1 and PAD4 and is required for resistance signaling against turnip crinkle virus.
Purification, cloning, and functional expression of dihydroneopterin triphosphate 2'-epimerase from Escherichia coli.
Requirement for abasic endonuclease gene homologues in Arabidopsis seed development.
A novel group of transcriptional repressors in Arabidopsis.
Human dishevelled genes constitute a DHR-containing multigene family.
Lissencephaly gene (LIS1) expression in the CNS suggests a role in neuronal migration.
Organization and function of the plant pleiotropic drug resistance ABC transporter family.
Properties of family 79 beta-glucuronidases that hydrolyze beta-glucuronosyl and 4-O-methyl-beta-glucuronosyl residues of arabinogalactan-protein.
Sequence and interspecies transfer of an aminoglycoside phosphotransferase gene (APH) of Bacillus circulans. Self-defence mechanism in antibiotic-producing organisms.
Isolation, characterization and developmental expression of the ecdysteroid-induced E75 gene of the wax moth Galleria mellonella.
A duplicated gene in the breakpoint regions of the 7q11.23 Williams-Beuren syndrome deletion encodes the initiator binding protein TFII-I and BAP-135, a phosphorylation target of BTK.
Isolation and characterization of new exon 11-associated N-terminal splice variants of the human mu opioid receptor gene.
Evidence for a prevalent dimorphism in the activation peptide of human coagulation factor IX.
A LIS1/NUDEL/cytoplasmic dynein heavy chain complex in the developing and adult nervous system.
Modulation of A-type potassium channels by a family of calcium sensors.
A γ-glutamyl cyclotransferase protects Arabidopsis plants from heavy metal toxicity by recycling glutamate to maintain glutathione homeostasis.
Mutations in an Arabidopsis mitochondrial transcription termination factor-related protein enhance thermotolerance in the absence of the major molecular chaperone HSP101.
GRIM REAPER peptide binds to receptor kinase PRK5 to trigger cell death in Arabidopsis.
A Candida albicans cell wall-linked protein promotes invasive filamentation into semi-solid medium.
Purification and characterization of feline ghrelin and its possible role.
Identification of a homolog of Arabidopsis DSP4 (SEX4) in chestnut: its induction and accumulation in stem amyloplasts during winter or in response to the cold.
A family of acetylcholine-gated chloride channel subunits in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The eer5 mutation, which affects a novel proteasome-related subunit, indicates a prominent role for the COP9 signalosome in resetting the ethylene-signaling pathway in Arabidopsis.
Autoimmunity in Arabidopsis acd11 is mediated by epigenetic regulation of an immune receptor.
PqsD is responsible for the synthesis of 2,4-dihydroxyquinoline, an extracellular metabolite produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Interaction of a kinesin-like calmodulin-binding protein with a protein kinase.
Regulation of physiological rates in Caenorhabditis elegans by a tRNA-modifying enzyme in the mitochondria.
Suppression of a deletion mutation in the gene encoding essential PBP2b reveals a new lytic transglycosylase involved in peripheral peptidoglycan synthesis in Streptococcus pneumoniae D39.
Cloning and characterization of GDP-perosamine synthetase (Per) from Escherichia coli O157:H7 and synthesis of GDP-perosamine in vitro.
Cloning and characterization of a second human CTP:phosphocholine cytidylyltransferase.
High expression of diffuse panbronchiolitis critical region 1 gene promotes cell proliferation, migration and invasion in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Normal reproductive function in InhBP/p120-deficient mice.
Kinetic and mechanistic characterization of recombinant Lactobacillus viridescens FemX (UDP-N-acetylmuramoyl pentapeptide-lysine N6-alanyltransferase).
Functional analyses of immediate early gene ETR101 expressed in yeast.
X-ray structure of the membrane-bound cytochrome c quinol dehydrogenase NrfH reveals novel haem coordination.
Mapping of the genes for rat P-glycoprotein 1, 2, and 3 (Pgy1, Pgy2, and Pgy3) to chromosome 4.
Characterization of multiple alternative RNAs resulting from antisense transcription of the PR264/SC35 splicing factor gene.
Human Rif1 protein binds aberrant telomeres and aligns along anaphase midzone microtubules.
Characterization of the anthranilate degradation pathway in Geobacillus thermodenitrificans NG80-2.
The Rice Annotation Project Database (RAP-DB): 2008 update.
Palmitoylation of KChIP splicing variants is required for efficient cell surface expression of Kv4.3 channels.
Ikaros family members from the agnathan Myxine glutinosa and the urochordate Oikopleura dioica: emergence of an essential transcription factor for adaptive immunity.
Conserved protein TTHA1554 from Thermus thermophilus HB8 binds to glutamine synthetase and cystathionine beta-lyase.
A gene family consisting of ezrin, radixin and moesin. Its specific localization at actin filament/plasma membrane association sites.
Characterisation of the nicotianamine aminotransferase and deoxymugineic acid synthase genes essential to Strategy II iron uptake in bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Novel CIPK1-associated proteins in Arabidopsis contain an evolutionarily conserved C-terminal region that mediates nuclear localization.
A novel myosin-like protein (myocilin) expressed in the connecting cilium of the photoreceptor: molecular cloning, tissue expression, and chromosomal mapping.
The ERK signaling cascade--views from different subcellular compartments.
The lateral organ boundaries gene defines a novel, plant-specific gene family.
Genetic analysis of the roles of agaA, agaI, and agaS genes in the N-acetyl-D-galactosamine and D-galactosamine catabolic pathways in Escherichia coli strains O157:H7 and C.
Cloning and characterization of a naturally occurring antisense RNA to human thymidylate synthase mRNA.
Cancer-testis antigens and ING1 tumor suppressor gene product are breast cancer antigens: characterization of tissue-specific ING1 transcripts and a homologue gene.
The Snake with the Scorpion's Sting: Novel Three-Finger Toxin Sodium Channel Activators from the Venom of the Long-Glanded Blue Coral Snake (Calliophis bivirgatus).
Cloning, binding properties, and tissue localization of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) ladderlectin.
Rapid transcriptome changes induced by cytosolic Ca2+ transients reveal ABRE-related sequences as Ca2+-responsive cis elements in Arabidopsis.
Glycoprotein biosynthesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: ngd29, an N-glycosylation mutant allelic to och1 having a defect in the initiation of outer chain formation.
The velvet complex governs mycotoxin production and virulence of Fusarium oxysporum on plant and mammalian hosts.
Alternative splicing of the human Shaker K+ channel beta 1 gene and functional expression of the beta 2 gene product.
Overexpression of the laeA gene leads to increased production of cyclopiazonic acid in Aspergillus fumisynnematus.
Functional analysis of a vacuolar ABC transporter in wild-type Candida albicans reveals its involvement in virulence.
Isolation and characterization of a novel human gene, DRCTNNB1A, the expression of which is down-regulated by beta-catenin.
Bacterial toxin HigB associates with ribosomes and mediates translation-dependent mRNA cleavage at A-rich sites.
Cloning of monkey RALDH1 and characterization of retinoid metabolism in monkey kidney proximal tubule cells.
Identification of a new fibroblast growth factor receptor, FGFR5.
Molecular and functional characterization of a levansucrase from the sourdough isolate Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis TMW 1.392.
Isolation of hNap1BP which interacts with human Nap1 (NCKAP1) whose expression is down-regulated in Alzheimer's disease.
Kunitz trypsin inhibitor: an antagonist of cell death triggered by phytopathogens and fumonisin b1 in Arabidopsis.
Oxidation of propionate to pyruvate in Escherichia coli. Involvement of methylcitrate dehydratase and aconitase.
MBR-1, a novel helix-turn-helix transcription factor, is required for pruning excessive neurites in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Characterization of muscle filamin isoforms suggests a possible role of gamma-filamin/ABP-L in sarcomeric Z-disc formation.
Identification of Fc alpha receptor (CD89) isoforms generated by alternative splicing that are differentially expressed between blood monocytes and alveolar macrophages.
The DLK-1 kinase promotes mRNA stability and local translation in C. elegans synapses and axon regeneration.
Amino acid sequence of the human protein synthesis initiation factor eIF-4 gamma.
The ribosome assembly factor Nep1 responsible for Bowen-Conradi syndrome is a pseudouridine-N1-specific methyltransferase.
YCL047C/POF1 is a novel nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase (NMNAT) in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A high molecular weight intermediate filament-associated protein in BHK-21 cells is nestin, a type VI intermediate filament protein. Limited co-assembly in vitro to form heteropolymers with type III vimentin and type IV alpha-internexin.
A brain region-specific gene product Lhx6.1 interacts with Ldb1 through tandem LIM-domains.
The Lowe's oculocerebrorenal syndrome gene encodes a protein highly homologous to inositol polyphosphate-5-phosphatase.
Isoform C beta 2, an unusual form of the bovine catalytic subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase.
A neurotransmitter transporter encoded by the Drosophila inebriated gene.
Characterization of two age-induced intracisternal A-particle-related transcripts in the mouse liver. Transcriptional read-through into an open reading frame with similarities to the yeast ccr4 transcription factor.
Biochemical characterization of the novel rice kinesin K23 and its kinetic study using fluorescence resonance energy transfer between an intrinsic tryptophan residue and a fluorescent ATP analogue.
Ciliogenesis defects in embryos lacking inturned or fuzzy function are associated with failure of planar cell polarity and Hedgehog signaling.
Molecular cloning and characterization of LCRG1 a novel gene localized to the tumor suppressor locus D17S800-D17S930.
The synthesis of SO-3, a conopeptide with high analgesic activity derived from Conus striatus.
Cloning of a novel biogenic amine receptor-like G protein-coupled receptor expressed in human brain.
Splicing of a retained intron within ROMK K+ channel RNA generates a novel set of isoforms in rat kidney.
Autoinducer 2 controls biofilm formation in Escherichia coli through a novel motility quorum-sensing regulator (MqsR, B3022).
NF-AT5: the NF-AT family of transcription factors expands in a new direction.
The human glycine receptor subunit alpha3. Glra3 gene structure, chromosomal localization, and functional characterization of alternative transcripts.
Identification of novel cDNAs encoding human kexin-like protease, PACE4 isoforms.
The complete genome sequence of the lactic acid bacterium Lactococcus lactis ssp. lactis IL1403.
Arabidopsis calmodulin-binding protein IQ67-domain 1 localizes to microtubules and interacts with kinesin light chain-related protein-1.
Experimentally based model of a complex between a snake toxin and the alpha 7 nicotinic receptor.
Novel modified version of nonphosphorylated sugar metabolism--an alternative L-rhamnose pathway of Sphingomonas sp.
Large-scale cDNA transfection screening for genes related to cancer development and progression.
ERK1b, a 46-kDa ERK isoform that is differentially regulated by MEK.
Protrudin binds atlastins and endoplasmic reticulum-shaping proteins and regulates network formation.
OsTDL1A binds to the LRR domain of rice receptor kinase MSP1, and is required to limit sporocyte numbers.
The FoxO-subclass in Xenopus laevis development.
Jack bean α-mannosidase (Jbα-man): tolerance to alkali, chelating and reducing agents and energetics of catalysis and inhibition.
Emp is a component of the nuclear matrix of mammalian cells and undergoes dynamic rearrangements during cell division.
Axon injury triggers EFA-6 mediated destabilization of axonal microtubules via TACC and doublecortin like kinase.
Identification of Krit1B: a novel alternative splicing isoform of cerebral cavernous malformation gene-1.
A napin-like polypeptide with translation-inhibitory, trypsin-inhibitory, antiproliferative and antibacterial activities from kale seeds.
The Rab11-FIP1/RCP gene codes for multiple protein transcripts related to the plasma membrane recycling system.
A high throughput genetic screen identifies new early meiotic recombination functions in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Alternative splicing results in differential expression, activity, and localization of the two forms of arginyl-tRNA-protein transferase, a component of the N-end rule pathway.
A mouse homologue of the Drosophila tumor suppressor l(2)tid gene defines a novel Ras GTPase-activating protein (RasGAP)-binding protein.
A putative pathway for perosamine biosynthesis is the first function encoded within the rfb region of Vibrio cholerae O1.
Human Toll-like receptor 4 responses to P. gingivalis are regulated by lipid A 1- and 4'-phosphatase activities.
The HA-2 minor histocompatibility antigen is derived from a diallelic gene encoding a novel human class I myosin protein.
Zc3h13/Flacc is required for adenosine methylation by bridging the mRNA-binding factor Rbm15/Spenito to the m<sup>6</sup>A machinery component Wtap/Fl(2)d.
A gene cluster encoding lectin receptor kinases confers broad-spectrum and durable insect resistance in rice.
The three-dimensional structure of the N-acetylglucosamine-6-phosphate deacetylase, NagA, from Bacillus subtilis: a member of the urease superfamily.
Aspartate kinase-independent lysine synthesis in an extremely thermophilic bacterium, Thermus thermophilus: lysine is synthesized via alpha-aminoadipic acid not via diaminopimelic acid.
Expression of an N-terminally truncated form of human focal adhesion kinase in brain.
Translation initiation factor eIF-4E from Drosophila: cDNA sequence and expression of the gene.
Tail formation as a continuation of gastrulation: the multiple cell populations of the Xenopus tailbud derive from the late blastopore lip.
Formin follows function: a muscle-specific isoform of FHOD3 is regulated by CK2 phosphorylation and promotes myofibril maintenance.
FCRL6 receptor: expression and associated proteins.
Exploring membrane-associated NAC transcription factors in Arabidopsis: implications for membrane biology in genome regulation.
Studies on localization and protein ligands of Galleria mellonella apolipophorin III during immune response against different pathogens.
IMPa-4, an Arabidopsis importin alpha isoform, is preferentially involved in agrobacterium-mediated plant transformation.
Involvement of Cys69 residue in the catalytic mechanism of N-hydroxyarylamine O-acetyltransferase of Salmonella typhimurium. Sequence similarity at the amino acid level suggests a common catalytic mechanism of acetyltransferase for S. typhimurium and higher organisms.
Genome sequence of the cyanobacterium Prochlorococcus marinus SS120, a nearly minimal oxyphototrophic genome.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor family in plants: a genome-wide study of protein structure and functional diversity.
Characterization of OsPM19L1 encoding an AWPM-19-like family protein that is dramatically induced by osmotic stress in rice.
A novel l-isoleucine hydroxylating enzyme, l-isoleucine dioxygenase from Bacillus thuringiensis, produces (2S,3R,4S)-4-hydroxyisoleucine.
Room temperature femtosecond X-ray diffraction of photosystem II microcrystals.
Protein-arginine methyltransferase I, the predominant protein-arginine methyltransferase in cells, interacts with and is regulated by interleukin enhancer-binding factor 3.
A Drosophila complementary DNA resource.
Structural divergence of human ghrelin. Identification of multiple ghrelin-derived molecules produced by post-translational processing.
The Drosophila poly(A)-binding protein II is ubiquitous throughout Drosophila development and has the same function in mRNA polyadenylation as its bovine homolog in vitro.
A family of unconventional myosins from the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
Transcription factor DecR (YbaO) controls detoxification of L-cysteine in Escherichia coli.
Ly-GDI, a GDP-dissociation inhibitor of the RhoA GTP-binding protein, is expressed preferentially in lymphocytes.
The human GNAS1 gene is imprinted and encodes distinct paternally and biallelically expressed G proteins.
A gene related to the proto-oncogene fps/fes is expressed at diverse times during the life cycle of Drosophila melanogaster.
The cloning of a Caenorhabditis elegans guanylyl cyclase and the construction of a ligand-sensitive mammalian/nematode chimeric receptor.
A specific splicing variant of SVH, a novel human armadillo repeat protein, is up-regulated in hepatocellular carcinomas.
Sequence relationships, conserved domains, and expression patterns for maize homologs of the polycomb group genes E(z), esc, and E(Pc).
A geminivirus replication protein interacts with a protein kinase and a motor protein that display different expression patterns during plant development and infection.
Subunit composition of mitochondrial complex I from the yeast Yarrowia lipolytica.
The X-Linked Autism Protein KIAA2022/KIDLIA Regulates Neurite Outgrowth via N-Cadherin and δ-Catenin Signaling.
GDP-perosamine synthase: structural analysis and production of a novel trideoxysugar.
EGG-4 and EGG-5 Link Events of the Oocyte-to-Embryo Transition with Meiotic Progression in C. elegans.
Alternative splicing of mini-exons in the Arabidopsis leaf rust receptor-like kinase LRK10 genes affects subcellular localisation.
Molecular characterization of the Brassica rapa auxin-repressed, superfamily genes, BrARP1 and BrDRM1.
SYNCRIP, a cytoplasmic counterpart of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein R, interacts with ubiquitous synaptotagmin isoforms.
Crystal structure of α-galactosidase from Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM: insight into tetramer formation and substrate binding.
A single modular serine protease integrates signals from pattern-recognition receptors upstream of the Drosophila Toll pathway.
Identification of proteins capable of metal reduction from the proteome of the Gram-positive bacterium Desulfotomaculum reducens MI-1 using an NADH-based activity assay.
Identification and characterization of two Streptomyces davawensis riboflavin biosynthesis gene clusters.
Identification of genes affecting lycopene formation in Escherichia coli transformed with carotenoid biosynthetic genes: candidates for early genes in isoprenoid biosynthesis.
Studies of recombinant TWA1 reveal constitutive dimerization.
Suppressor of gamma response 1 (SOG1) encodes a putative transcription factor governing multiple responses to DNA damage.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis Rv1099c gene encodes a GlpX-like class II fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase.
Mutations in the LGI1/Epitempin gene on 10q24 cause autosomal dominant lateral temporal epilepsy.
Meikin is a conserved regulator of meiosis-I-specific kinetochore function.
Identification of a Novel Epoxyqueuosine Reductase Family by Comparative Genomics.
Purification of the o-dianisidine peroxidase from Escherichia coli B. Physicochemical characterization and analysis of its dual catalatic and peroxidatic activities.
Photoreceptor phagocytosis selectively activates PPARgamma expression in retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Haemophilus influenzae type b strain A2 has multiple sialyltransferases involved in lipooligosaccharide sialylation.
Alternative splicing of PSP94 (prostatic secretory protein of 94 amino acids) mRNA in prostate tissue.
Identification of forkhead transcription factors in cortical and dopaminergic areas of the adult murine brain.
The cytoplasmic domain of the gamete membrane fusion protein HAP2 targets the protein to the fusion site in Chlamydomonas and regulates the fusion reaction.
Cloning and characterization of unusual fatty acid desaturases from Anemone leveillei: identification of an acyl-coenzyme A C20 Delta5-desaturase responsible for the synthesis of sciadonic acid.
Purification, characterization, sequencing and biological chemistry of galectin-1 purified from Capra hircus (goat) heart.
Identification and characterization of Arabidopsis indole-3-butyric acid response mutants defective in novel peroxisomal enzymes.
Cloning, expression, and functional characterization of human cyclooxygenase-1 splicing variants: evidence for intron 1 retention.
Molecular cloning, expression, and cytokinin (6-benzylaminopurine) antagonist activity of peanut (Arachis hypogaea) lectin SL-I.
A novel fatty acid-binding protein (FABP) gene resulting from tandem gene duplication in mammals: transcription in rat retina and testis.
Comparative structure, proximal promoter elements, and chromosome location of the human eosinophil major basic protein genes.
IL-1 signaling cascade in liver cells and the involvement of a soluble form of the IL-1 receptor accessory protein.
Molecular and structural discrimination of proline racemase and hydroxyproline-2-epimerase from nosocomial and bacterial pathogens.
Expression of alternatively spliced FGF-2 antisense RNA transcripts in the central nervous system: regulation of FGF-2 mRNA translation.
A novel TPR-BEN domain interaction mediates PICH-BEND3 association.
AIB1, a steroid receptor coactivator amplified in breast and ovarian cancer.
Medicago truncatula DMI1 required for bacterial and fungal symbioses in legumes.
A cysteine-rich isoform of neuregulin controls the level of expression of neuronal nicotinic receptor channels during synaptogenesis.
daf-2, an insulin receptor-like gene that regulates longevity and diapause in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A central nervous system-restricted isoform of the interleukin-1 receptor accessory protein modulates neuronal responses to interleukin-1.
Evi-1 expression in Xenopus.
Identification, cloning and expression analysis of the pluripotency promoting Nanog genes in mouse and human.
Major cell surface-located protein substrates of an ecto-protein kinase are homologs of known nuclear proteins.
Purification of 2-hydroxyglutaryl-CoA dehydratase from Acidaminococcus fermentans. An iron-sulfur protein.
Phosphorylation of the p68 subunit of Pol δ acts as a molecular switch to regulate its interaction with PCNA.
Autoantibodies to BCOADC-E2 in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis recognize a conformational epitope.
The Caenorhabditis elegans sex-determining protein FEM-2 and its human homologue, hFEM-2, are Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase phosphatases that promote apoptosis.
Salt tolerance of Arabidopsis thaliana requires maturation of N-glycosylated proteins in the Golgi apparatus.
Cardiac specific expression of Xenopus Popeye-1.
Human INCENP colocalizes with the Aurora-B/AIRK2 kinase on chromosomes and is overexpressed in tumour cells.
Functional analysis of the Arabidopsis thaliana GCPE protein involved in plastid isoprenoid biosynthesis.
A mouse amidase specific for N-terminal asparagine. The gene, the enzyme, and their function in the N-end rule pathway.
A novel serine protease of the mammalian HtrA family is up-regulated in mouse uterus coinciding with placentation.
T-DNA tagged knockout mutation of rice OsGSK1, an orthologue of Arabidopsis BIN2, with enhanced tolerance to various abiotic stresses.
Tissue-specific expression of Na(+)-Ca2+ exchanger isoforms.
Arabidopsis N-MYC DOWNREGULATED-LIKE1, a positive regulator of auxin transport in a G protein-mediated pathway.
A single mRNA, transcribed from an alternative, erythroid-specific, promoter, codes for two non-myristylated forms of NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase.
Two yeast mutants defective in endocytosis are defective in pheromone response.
An induced Ets repressor complex regulates growth arrest during terminal macrophage differentiation.
Absence of mutations involving the LIM homeobox domain gene LHX9 in 46,XY gonadal agenesis and dysgenesis.
The gene encoding proline dehydrogenase modulates sensorimotor gating in mice.
CDNA cloning of a short isoform of human liver NADP (H) -dependent retinol dehydrogenase/reductase and analysis of its characteristics.
Cloning and characterization of a histone deacetylase, HDAC9.
OCH1 encodes a novel membrane bound mannosyltransferase: outer chain elongation of asparagine-linked oligosaccharides.
Calmodulin is an auxiliary subunit of KCNQ2/3 potassium channels.
Overexpression of the chromosomally encoded aminoglycoside acetyltransferase eis confers kanamycin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Role of ATP-binding-cassette transporter genes in high-frequency acquisition of resistance to azole antifungals in Candida glabrata.
Identification of inhibitory and calmodulin-binding domains of the PDE1A1 and PDE1A2 calmodulin-stimulated cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases.
Mast cells in airway hyporesponsive C3H/HeJ mice express a unique isoform of the signaling protein Ras guanine nucleotide releasing protein 4 that is unresponsive to diacylglycerol and phorbol esters.
New family of deamination repair enzymes in uracil-DNA glycosylase superfamily.
Luffa acutangula agglutinin: Primary structure determination and identification of a tryptophan residue involved in its carbohydrate-binding activity using mass spectrometry.
Molecular identification and functional characterization of a novel protein that mediates the attachment of erythroblasts to macrophages.
Structure and expression of the Caenorhabditis elegans protein kinase C2 gene. Origins and regulated expression of a family of Ca2+-activated protein kinase C isoforms.
Composition of Drosophila melanogaster proteome involved in fucosylated glycan metabolism.
Molecular cloning of M6: identification of a PLP/DM20 gene family.
Function and regulation of the Na+-Ca2+ exchanger NCX3 splice variants in brain and skeletal muscle.
A new antioxidant with alkyl hydroperoxide defense properties in yeast.
GlcNAc-1-P-transferase-tunicamycin complex structure reveals basis for inhibition of N-glycosylation.
A novel adenylyl cyclase-activating serotonin receptor (5-HT7) implicated in the regulation of mammalian circadian rhythms.
Cloning, expression, and chromosomal localization of human long-chain fatty acid-CoA ligase 4 (FACL4).
Isolation and determination of the primary structure of a lectin protein from the serum of the American alligator (Alligator mississippiensis).
Silencing or knocking out the Na(+)/Ca(2+) exchanger-3 (NCX3) impairs oligodendrocyte differentiation.
Identification of ArgBP1, an Arg protein tyrosine kinase binding protein that is the human homologue of a CNS-specific Xenopus gene.
Two novel homologous proteins of Streptomyces coelicolor and Streptomyces lividans are involved in the formation of the rodlet layer and mediate attachment to a hydrophobic surface.
Crystal structure of Escherichia coli enterobactin-specific isochorismate synthase (EntC) bound to its reaction product isochorismate: implications for the enzyme mechanism and differential activity of chorismate-utilizing enzymes.
Purification and characterization of a second type thioredoxin peroxidase (type II TPx) from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Functional characterization of RK5, a voltage-gated K+ channel cloned from the rat cardiovascular system.
Molecular cloning and characterization of Porphyromonas gingivalis lysine-specific gingipain. A new member of an emerging family of pathogenic bacterial cysteine proteinases.
C. elegans cell migration gene mig-10 shares similarities with a family of SH2 domain proteins and acts cell nonautonomously in excretory canal development.
MORC family ATPases required for heterochromatin condensation and gene silencing.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence analysis of psaA, the Streptococcus pneumoniae gene encoding a 37-kilodalton protein homologous to previously reported Streptococcus sp. adhesins.
Identification, sequence and developmental expression of invertebrate flotillins from Drosophila melanogaster.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel phospholipase C, PLC-eta.
[Amino acid sequence of a neurotoxin from the anemone Radianthus macrodactylus].
Vacuolar system-associated protein-60: a protein characterized from bovine granulosa and luteal cells that is associated with intracellular vesicles and related to human 80K-H and murine beta-glucosidase II.
A polyketide synthase in glycopeptide biosynthesis: the biosynthesis of the non-proteinogenic amino acid (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine.
Analysis of the wild-type and mutant genes encoding the enzyme kynurenine monooxygenase of the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Short isoform of POU factor Brn-3b can form a heterodimer with Brn-3a that is inactive for octamer motif binding.
Two types of complementary DNAs of rat brain protein kinase C. Heterogeneity determined by alternative splicing.
Podoplanin, novel 43-kd membrane protein of glomerular epithelial cells, is down-regulated in puromycin nephrosis.
Caenorhabditis elegans eyes absent ortholog EYA-1 is required for stress resistance.
Antimicrobial peptides isolated from Phyllomedusa nordestina (Amphibia) alter the permeability of plasma membrane of Leishmania and Trypanosoma cruzi.
Gene expression of ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase and starch contents in rice cultured cells are cooperatively regulated by sucrose and ABA.
Aromatic biosynthesis. XII. Conversion of 5-dehydroquinic acid to 5-dehydroshikimic acid dy 5-dehydroquinase.
Hormone-like peptides in the venoms of marine cone snails.
Muscleblind localizes to nuclear foci of aberrant RNA in myotonic dystrophy types 1 and 2.
Inflammasome-activated gasdermin D causes pyroptosis by forming membrane pores.
ARAP1: a point of convergence for Arf and Rho signaling.
The GM130 and GRASP65 Golgi proteins cycle through and define a subdomain of the intermediate compartment.
Proteomics and immunological analysis of a novel shrimp allergen, Pen m 2.
A metal-accumulator mutant of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Elongator function in tRNA wobble uridine modification is conserved between yeast and plants.
A mutant of Arabidopsis lacking a chloroplast-specific lipid.
Specific use of start codons and cellular localization of splice variants of human phosphodiesterase 9A gene.
Discrimination based on Gly and Arg/Ser at position 673 between dipeptidyl-peptidase (DPP) 7 and DPP11, widely distributed DPPs in pathogenic and environmental gram-negative bacteria.
IDN1 and IDN2 are required for de novo DNA methylation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
[Amino acid sequence of neurotoxin II from the sea anemone Radianthus macrodactylus].
Production of fatty acid components of meadowfoam oil in somatic soybean embryos.
Occurrence and properties of glutathione S-transferases in phenol-degrading Pseudomonas strains.
Innate immunity mediated longevity and longevity induced by germ cell removal converge on the C-type lectin domain protein IRG-7.
Isolation and characterization of a new nucleolar protein, Nrap, that is conserved from yeast to humans.
The vertebrate Hef ortholog is a component of the Fanconi anemia tumor-suppressor pathway.
Arabidopsis mRNA polyadenylation machinery: comprehensive analysis of protein-protein interactions and gene expression profiling.
Caenorhabditis elegans gelsolin-like protein 1 is a novel actin filament-severing protein with four gelsolin-like repeats.
Identification of a galactose-specific flocculin essential for non-sexual flocculation and filamentous growth in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
CD200 receptor family members represent novel DAP12-associated activating receptors on basophils and mast cells.
LIFEGUARD proteins support plant colonization by biotrophic powdery mildew fungi.
Feo--transport of ferrous iron into bacteria.
The glycine cleavage system: structure of a cDNA encoding human H-protein, and partial characterization of its gene in patients with hyperglycinemias.
Mutation and expression analysis of the KRIT1 gene associated with cerebral cavernous malformations (CCM1).
Identification, expression, function, and localization of a novel (sixth) isoform of the human sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ATPase 3 gene.
Mutation of twins encoding a regulator of protein phosphatase 2A leads to pattern duplication in Drosophila imaginal discs.
Isolation and characterization of a structurally unique β-hairpin venom peptide from the predatory ant Anochetus emarginatus.
EMSY-like genes are required for full RPP7-mediated race-specific immunity and basal defense in Arabidopsis.
A novel Arabidopsis MYB-like transcription factor, MYBH, regulates hypocotyl elongation by enhancing auxin accumulation.
Identification of a novel lipopolysaccharide-inducible gene with key features of both A kinase anchor proteins and chs1/beige proteins.
N-glycan analysis of mannose/glucose specific lectin from Dolichos lablab seeds.
Direct evidence for mRNA binding and post-transcriptional regulation by Escherichia coli aconitases.
A novel Sinorhizobium meliloti operon encodes an alpha-glucosidase and a periplasmic-binding-protein-dependent transport system for alpha-glucosides.
hMEF2C gene encodes skeletal muscle- and brain-specific transcription factors.
A novel splice variant of interleukin-1 receptor (IL-1R)-associated kinase 1 plays a negative regulatory role in Toll/IL-1R-induced inflammatory signaling.
Molecular modeling, docking and dynamics simulations of the Dioclea lasiophylla Mart. Ex Benth seed lectin: An edematogenic and hypernociceptive protein.
The RAD3 gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae: isolation and characterization of a temperature-sensitive mutant in the essential function and of extragenic suppressors of this mutant.
Purification and immunochemical characterization of Pla l 2, the profilin from Plantago lanceolata.
From organelle to organ: ZRIZI MATE-Type transporter is an organelle transporter that enhances organ initiation.
Signaling role of fructose mediated by FINS1/FBP in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Expression, purification and crystallization of native and selenomethionine labeled Mycobacterium tuberculosis FGD1 (Rv0407) using a Mycobacterium smegmatis expression system.
The expression and function of MTG/ETO family proteins during neurogenesis.
A human mitochondrial GTP binding protein related to tRNA modification may modulate phenotypic expression of the deafness-associated mitochondrial 12S rRNA mutation.
Complete coding sequence, promoter region, and genomic structure of the human ABCA2 gene and evidence for sterol-dependent regulation in macrophages.
Plasmodium falciparum ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase His286 plays a dual role in NADP(H) binding and catalysis.
Latex Clearing Protein (Lcp) of Streptomyces sp. Strain K30 Is a b-Type Cytochrome and Differs from Rubber Oxygenase A (RoxA) in Its Biophysical Properties.
EsxA and EsxB are secreted by an ESAT-6-like system that is required for the pathogenesis of Staphylococcus aureus infections.
Maternally derived FILIA-MATER complex localizes asymmetrically in cleavage-stage mouse embryos.
Expression and accumulation of the two-domain odorant-binding protein AaegOBP45 in the ovaries of blood-fed Aedes aegypti.
Epileptic seizures caused by inactivation of a novel gene, jerky, related to centromere binding protein-B in transgenic mice.
Characterisation of a gene cluster involved in bacterial degradation of the cyanobacterial toxin microcystin LR.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequence analysis of genes from a cDNA library of the scorpion Tityus discrepans.
Cdc42-MRCK and Rho-ROCK signalling cooperate in myosin phosphorylation and cell invasion.
A multifunctional DNA-binding protein that promotes the formation of serum response factor/homeodomain complexes: identity to TFII-I.
IpsA, a novel LacI-type regulator, is required for inositol-derived lipid formation in Corynebacteria and Mycobacteria.
Structure of the sulfoxide synthase EgtB from the ergothioneine biosynthetic pathway.
IsCT, a novel cytotoxic linear peptide from scorpion Opisthacanthus madagascariensis.
Multiple erythroid isoforms of human long-chain acyl-CoA synthetases are produced by switch of the fatty acid gate domains.
Identification of an alternative transcript from the human iduronate-2-sulfatase (IDS) gene.
cDNA cloning and genomic organization of the murine MRP7, a new ATP-binding cassette transporter.
Exploring the sequence diversity in glycoside hydrolase family 13_18 reveals a novel glucosylglycerol phosphorylase.
Two mRNAs with different 3' ends encode membrane-bound and secreted forms of immunoglobulin mu chain.
An LFA-3 cDNA encodes a phospholipid-linked membrane protein homologous to its receptor CD2.
Expression of a cDNA encoding the glycolipid-anchored form of rat acetylcholinesterase.
Virus-specific activation of a novel interferon regulatory factor, IRF-5, results in the induction of distinct interferon alpha genes.
A cofactor, TIP30, specifically enhances HIV-1 Tat-activated transcription.
FHL3 negatively regulates human high-affinity IgE receptor beta-chain gene expression by acting as a transcriptional co-repressor of MZF-1.
GRAIN INCOMPLETE FILLING 2 regulates grain filling and starch synthesis during rice caryopsis development.
Establishment of the Inducible Tet-On System for the Activation of the Silent Trichosetin Gene Cluster in Fusarium fujikuroi.
Characterization of the phosphatase activity of a baculovirus-expressed calcineurin A isoform.
A novel isoform of pro-interleukin-18 expressed in ovarian tumors is resistant to caspase-1 and -4 processing.
Novel peptide toxins from acrorhagi, aggressive organs of the sea anemone Actinia equina.
A model of toxic neuropathy in Drosophila reveals a role for MORN4 in promoting axonal degeneration.
Activation and repression of Drosophila alcohol dehydrogenase distal transcription by two steroid hormone receptor superfamily members binding to a common response element.
Human protein factory for converting the transcriptome into an in vitro-expressed proteome,.
Two cDNAs from the plant Arabidopsis thaliana that partially restore recombination proficiency and DNA-damage resistance to E. coli mutants lacking recombination-intermediate-resolution activities.
Characterization of activity and expression of isocitrate lyase in Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Phenotype of htgA (mbiA), a recently evolved orphan gene of Escherichia coli and Shigella, completely overlapping in antisense to yaaW.
Amino acid sequence of a cytotoxin-like basic protein with low cytotoxic activity from the venom of the Thailand cobra Naja naja siamensis.
Identification and characterization of a novel human dysferlin transcript: dysferlin_v1.
Direct visualization of glutamate transporter elevator mechanism by high-speed AFM.
The Dictyostelium MAP kinase kinase DdMEK1 regulates chemotaxis and is essential for chemoattractant-mediated activation of guanylyl cyclase.
Cloning, characterization and overproduction of nuclease S1 gene (nucS) from Aspergillus oryzae.
Cloning of a novel mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase, MEKK4, that selectively regulates the c-Jun amino terminal kinase pathway.
Expansion of the receptor-like kinase/Pelle gene family and receptor-like proteins in Arabidopsis.
Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of a human 372-kDA protein localized in the Golgi complex.
Purification to homogeneity of mitochondrial acyl coa:glycine n-acyltransferase from human liver.
Linear antimicrobial peptides from Ectatomma quadridens ant venom.
DEAD-box RNA helicases in Arabidopsis thaliana: establishing a link between quantitative expression, gene structure and evolution of a family of genes.
Mutations in genes encoding polycomb repressive complex 2 subunits cause Weaver syndrome.
Molecular cloning and chromosomal localization of PD-Ibeta (PDNP3), a new member of the human phosphodiesterase I genes.
Regulation of the pollen-specific actin-depolymerizing factor LlADF1.
Yeast hEST1A/B (SMG5/6)-like proteins contribute to environment-sensing adaptive gene expression responses.
K-sam, an amplified gene in stomach cancer, is a member of the heparin-binding growth factor receptor genes.
Cloning and characterization of a mammalian proton-coupled metal-ion transporter.
Autoregulated expression of Schizosaccharomyces pombe meiosis-specific transcription factor Mei4 and a genome-wide search for its target genes.
Structural investigations and identification of the extracellular bacteriolytic endopeptidase L1 from Lysobacter sp. XL1.
Id-related genes encoding helix-loop-helix proteins are required for G1 progression and are repressed in senescent human fibroblasts.
Purification and PCR-based cDNA cloning of a plastidial n-6 desaturase.
Characterization of the short isoform of the growth hormone receptor synthesized by rat adipocytes.
A mammalian homolog of unc-53 is regulated by all-trans retinoic acid in neuroblastoma cells and embryos.
Cloning and expression of a neuronal rat brain glutamate transporter.
Structure and expression of the egg-laying hormone gene family in Aplysia.
Cloning and sequencing of the mouse cDNA encoding a phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase.
Identification of CDP-archaeol synthase, a missing link of ether lipid biosynthesis in Archaea.
Molecular basis of functional diversity of voltage-gated potassium channels in mammalian brain.
Characterisation of the genes encoding Aa1 isoforms from the scorpion Androctonus australis.
Adenylyl cyclase type 6 deletion decreases left ventricular function via impaired calcium handling.
Cloning and characterization of the mouse ortholog of mi-er1.
Structure and evolution of a member of a new subfamily of GTP-binding proteins mapping to the human MHC class I region.
Purification and characterization of a novel alpha-agarase from a Thalassomonas sp.
Sequence of mdr3 cDNA encoding a human P-glycoprotein.
Cell cycle-dependent expression of HERG1 and HERG1B isoforms in tumor cells.
Sequence of the Bacillus subtilis glutamine synthetase gene region.
Overexpression of the rice Osmyb4 gene increases chilling and freezing tolerance of Arabidopsis thaliana plants.
Molecular cloning and functional characterisation of a glucose transporter, CaHGT1, of Candida albicans.
Activity and tissue distribution of splice variants of alpha6-fucosyltransferase in human embryogenesis.
The octahaem SirA catalyses dissimilatory sulfite reduction in Shewanella oneidensis MR-1.
Cytochrome P450-catalyzed regio- and stereoselective phenol coupling of fungal natural products.
Mutations in a gene encoding a midbody kelch protein in familial and sporadic classical Hodgkin lymphoma lead to binucleated cells.
EHT, a new member of the MTG8/ETO gene family, maps on 20q11 region and is deleted in acute myeloid leukemias.
Identification of Regulatory and Cargo Proteins of Endosomal and Secretory Pathways in Arabidopsis thaliana by Proteomic Dissection.
(2S)-Methylsuccinyl-CoA dehydrogenase closes the ethylmalonyl-CoA pathway for acetyl-CoA assimilation.
The MADS box gene, FOREVER YOUNG FLOWER, acts as a repressor controlling floral organ senescence and abscission in Arabidopsis.
A temperature-sensitive strain of Histoplasma capsulatum has an altered delta 9-fatty acid desaturase gene.
Down-regulated expression of atypical PKC-binding domain deleted asip isoforms in human hepatocellular carcinomas.
A novel truncated variant form of Ebk/MDK1 receptor tyrosine kinase is expressed in embryonic mouse brain.
Proteomic analysis of the organic matrix of the abalone Haliotis asinina calcified shell.
Identification and characterization of the channel-forming protein in the cell wall of Corynebacterium amycolatum.
Nucleotide sequence of the tag gene from Escherichia coli.
The mRNA interferases, MazF-mt3 and MazF-mt7 from Mycobacterium tuberculosis target unique pentad sequences in single-stranded RNA.
Structure of the chloroplast NADH dehydrogenase-like complex: nomenclature for nuclear-encoded subunits.
Identification of three forms of human myelin basic protein by cDNA cloning.
Simultaneous high-throughput recombinational cloning of open reading frames in closed and open configurations.
Soybean beta-conglycinin genes are clustered in several DNA regions and are regulated by transcriptional and posttranscriptional processes.
Differential regulation of horizontally acquired and core genome genes by the bacterial modulator H-NS.
Identification of OASL d, a splice variant of human OASL, with antiviral activity.
Maintenance role of a glutathionyl-hydroquinone lyase (PcpF) in pentachlorophenol degradation by Sphingobium chlorophenolicum ATCC 39723.
Structure of inositol monophosphatase, the putative target of lithium therapy.
Unusual properties of Plasmodium falciparum actin: new insights into microfilament dynamics of apicomplexan parasites.
acrB mutation located at carboxyl-terminal region of gyrase B subunit reduces DNA binding of DNA gyrase.
Isolation and characterization of two novel phosphodiesterase PDE11A variants showing unique structure and tissue-specific expression.
Purification and characterization of monodehydroascorbate reductase from soybean root nodules.
Pituitary tumor-transforming gene protein associates with ribosomal protein S10 and a novel human homologue of DnaJ in testicular cells.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), keratinocyte growth factor (KGF), and their receptors in human breast cells and tissues: alternative receptors.
Exploring the neutral invertase-oxidative stress defence connection in Arabidopsis thaliana.
SMN interacts with a novel family of hnRNP and spliceosomal proteins.
Ciliary Phosphoinositide Regulates Ciliary Protein Trafficking in Drosophila.
Sequences of three Arabidopsis general regulatory factor genes encoding GF14 (14-3-3) proteins.
Myr 8, a novel unconventional myosin expressed during brain development associates with the protein phosphatase catalytic subunits 1alpha and 1gamma1.
cDNA and deduced amino acid sequences of a peritrophic membrane glycoprotein, 'peritrophin-48', from the larvae of Lucilia cuprina.
Functional cloning of TUG as a regulator of GLUT4 glucose transporter trafficking.
Mapping of the human NMDAR2B receptor subunit gene (GRIN2B) to chromosome 12p12.
Expression of multiple forms of the prolactin receptor in mouse liver.
Target promiscuity and heterogeneous effects of tarantula venom peptides affecting Na+ and K+ ion channels.
Atg26-mediated pexophagy is required for host invasion by the plant pathogenic fungus Colletotrichum orbiculare.
Localization of the gene (LAMA4) to chromosome 6q21 and isolation of a partial cDNA encoding a variant laminin A chain.
Ethylene-induced inhibition of root growth requires abscisic acid function in rice (Oryza sativa L.) seedlings.
Inhibition of v-Abl transformation in 3T3 cells overexpressing different forms of the Abelson interactor protein Abi-1.
Alternative messenger RNA forms and open reading frames within an additional conserved region of the human PAX-2 gene.
Structure of the axonal surface recognition molecule neurofascin and its relationship to a neural subgroup of the immunoglobulin superfamily.
Identification of a bifunctional maize C- and O-glucosyltransferase.
Structural and mechanistic studies on ThiO, a glycine oxidase essential for thiamin biosynthesis in Bacillus subtilis.
abdA expression in Drosophila embryos.
MUL1 acts in parallel to the PINK1/parkin pathway in regulating mitofusin and compensates for loss of PINK1/parkin.
Dual translational start motif evolutionarily conserved in the holin gene of Bacillus subtilis phage phi 29.
A non-RD1 gene cluster is required for Snm secretion in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Structural studies of metal binding by inositol monophosphatase: evidence for two-metal ion catalysis.
Structural analysis of inositol monophosphatase complexes with substrates.
Grb-IR: a SH2-domain-containing protein that binds to the insulin receptor and inhibits its function.
Adult forms of the Ca2+ATPase of sarcoplasmic reticulum. Expression in developing skeletal muscle.
Cloning and characterization of alternatively spliced isoforms of Dp71.
The expression pattern of the murine Hoxa-10 gene and the sequence recognition of its homeodomain reveal specific properties of Abdominal B-like genes.
Regulation of expression of genes involved in quinate and shikimate utilization in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Characterization of unconventional MYO6, the human homologue of the gene responsible for deafness in Snell's waltzer mice.
Role of Aspergillus fumigatus DvrA in host cell interactions and virulence.
Identification of GIG1, a GlcNAc-induced gene in Candida albicans needed for normal sensitivity to the chitin synthase inhibitor nikkomycin Z.
Transcription control by E1A and MAP kinase pathway via Sur2 mediator subunit.
Structure and function of the platelet integrin alphaIIbbeta3.
Deep venomics reveals the mechanism for expanded peptide diversity in cone snail venom.
Archaeosortases and exosortases are widely distributed systems linking membrane transit with posttranslational modification.
The peptidyl-prolyl isomerase, FK506-binding protein, is most likely the 12 kd endogenous inhibitor 2 of protein kinase C.
A transposon insertion in the Arabidopsis SSR16 gene causes an embryo-defective lethal mutation.
Genome-wide classification and evolutionary analysis of the bHLH family of transcription factors in Arabidopsis, poplar, rice, moss, and algae.
Molecular cloning of cDNA for pro-phenol-oxidase-activating factor I, a serine protease is induced by lipopolysaccharide or 1,3-beta-glucan in coleopteran insect, Holotrichia diomphalia larvae.
Purification of a sixth ferredoxin from Rhodobacter capsulatus. Primary structure and biochemical properties.
Cloning, genomic organization, alternative transcripts and mutational analysis of the gene responsible for autosomal recessive universal congenital alopecia.
Functional interaction between the Arabidopsis orthologs of spindle assembly checkpoint proteins MAD1 and MAD2 and the nucleoporin NUA.
Complex expression pattern of the TNF region gene LST1 through differential regulation, initiation, and alternative splicing.
Antimicrobial/cytolytic peptides from the venom of the North African scorpion, Androctonus amoreuxi: biochemical and functional characterization of natural peptides and a single site-substituted analog.
Identification of novel Prominin-1/CD133 splice variants with alternative C-termini and their expression in epididymis and testis.
Salt-induced transcription factor MYB74 is regulated by the RNA-directed DNA methylation pathway in Arabidopsis.
A novel alternatively spliced interleukin-1 receptor accessory protein mIL-1RAcP687.
Drosophila retinophilin contains MORN repeats and is conserved in humans.
The ergot alkaloid gene cluster in Claviceps purpurea: extension of the cluster sequence and intra species evolution.
Cloning of GMP-140, a granule membrane protein of platelets and endothelium: sequence similarity to proteins involved in cell adhesion and inflammation.
Assignment of Pdnp2, the gene encoding phosphodiesterase I/nucleotide pyrophosphatase 2, to mouse chromosome 15D2.
Molecular cloning of Porimin, a novel cell surface receptor mediating oncotic cell death.
F-box proteins in Arabidopsis.
The cDNA of a human lymphocyte cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase (PDE IV) reveals a multigene family.
The overexpression, purification and complete amino acid sequence of chorismate synthase from Escherichia coli K12 and its comparison with the enzyme from Neurospora crassa.
Identification of splicing variants of Rapostlin, a novel RND2 effector that interacts with neural Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein and induces neurite branching.
A 1.8 kb alternative transcript from the human epidermal growth factor receptor gene encodes a truncated form of the receptor.
A common variant in PPP1R3 associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Halocyntin and papillosin, two new antimicrobial peptides isolated from hemocytes of the solitary tunicate, Halocynthia papillosa.
Direct detection of alternative open reading frames translation products in human significantly expands the proteome.
Molecular organization of the maternal effect region of the Shaker complex of Drosophila: characterization of an I(A) channel transcript with homology to vertebrate Na channel.
ARL1, a LOB-domain protein required for adventitious root formation in rice.
The G protein-coupled receptor repertoires of human and mouse.
Complex alternative splicing of the myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein gene is unique to human and non-human primates.
Homology of the amyloid beta protein precursor in monkey and human supports a primate model for beta amyloidosis in Alzheimer's disease.
Fructoselysine 3-epimerase, an enzyme involved in the metabolism of the unusual Amadori compound psicoselysine in Escherichia coli.
Arabidopsis IQD1, a novel calmodulin-binding nuclear protein, stimulates glucosinolate accumulation and plant defense.
Alternative RNA splicing in expression of the glutathione synthetase gene in human cells.
Repairing oxidized proteins in the bacterial envelope using respiratory chain electrons.
Cloning of a factor required for activity of the Ah (dioxin) receptor.
Five POTE paralogs and their splice variants are expressed in human prostate and encode proteins of different lengths.
Identification of a signal that distinguishes between the chloroplast outer envelope membrane and the endomembrane system in vivo.
The effect of the single substitution of arginine within the RGD tripeptide motif of a modified neurotoxin dendroaspin on its activity of platelet aggregation and cell adhesion.
A role for Sam68 in cell cycle progression antagonized by a spliced variant within the KH domain.
Ethylene-responsive genes are differentially regulated during abscission, organ senescence and wounding in peach (Prunus persica).
Increase in serum leptin and uterine leptin receptor messenger RNA levels during pregnancy in rats.
The outB gene of Bacillus subtilis codes for NAD synthetase.
C8orf4 negatively regulates self-renewal of liver cancer stem cells via suppression of NOTCH2 signalling.
Molecular cloning and sequencing of the fimbrilin gene of Porphyromonas gingivalis strains and characterization of recombinant proteins.
Molecular cloning of KLRI1 and KLRI2, a novel pair of lectin-like natural killer-cell receptors with opposing signalling motifs.
Primary structure of a potassium channel toxin from the sea anemone Actinia equina.
Identification of cAMP analogue inducible genes in RAW264 macrophages.
Identification and biochemical characterization of plant acylamino acid-releasing enzyme.
Refolding, characterization and crystal structure of (S)-malate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Aeropyrum pernix.
Biochemical characterization of a dihydroneopterin aldolase used for methanopterin biosynthesis in methanogens.
Composition of the type VII secretion system membrane complex.
Loss of expression of the DRR 1 gene at chromosomal segment 3p21.1 in renal cell carcinoma.
Identification of microbial dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase enzymes.
AF15q14, a novel partner gene fused to the MLL gene in an acute myeloid leukaemia with a t(11;15)(q23;q14).
Multiple splice isoforms of proteolipid M6B in neurons and oligodendrocytes.
The Thermotolerant Yeast Kluyveromyces marxianus Is a Useful Organism for Structural and Biochemical Studies of Autophagy.
Widespread occurrence of a highly conserved RING-H2 zinc finger motif in the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Novel conserved assembly factor of the bacterial flagellum.
Cloning by synteny: identifying C. briggsae homologues of C. elegans genes.
Disruption of fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase causes spontaneous cell death under short-day conditions in Arabidopsis.
Evi27 encodes a novel membrane protein with homology to the IL17 receptor.
Folate synthesis in plants: the first step of the pterin branch is mediated by a unique bimodular GTP cyclohydrolase I.
The Drosophila dual-specificity ERK phosphatase DMKP3 cooperates with the ERK tyrosine phosphatase PTP-ER.
Combined extracellular matrix cross-linking activity of the peroxidase MLT-7 and the dual oxidase BLI-3 is critical for post-embryonic viability in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Egg-laying defective mutants of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
LATE MERISTEM IDENTITY2 acts together with LEAFY to activate APETALA1.
Identification of a developmentally regulated gene in the mouse central nervous system which encodes a novel proline rich protein.
Mechanistic insights into the retaining glucosyl-3-phosphoglycerate synthase from mycobacteria.
A structural domain (the lid) found in pancreatic lipases is absent in the guinea pig (phospho)lipase.
Fibrinogen degradation by hementin, a fibrinogenolytic anticoagulant from the salivary glands of the leech Haementeria ghilianii.
Identification of a homeobox-containing gene located between lin-45 and unc-24 on chromosome IV in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
A gene pair from the human major histocompatibility complex encodes large proline-rich proteins with multiple repeated motifs and a single ubiquitin-like domain.
Novel alternative splicings of BPAG1 (bullous pemphigoid antigen 1) including the domain structure closely related to MACF (microtubule actin cross-linking factor).
Nucleotide sequence of the gene for the M(r) 32,000 thylakoid membrane protein from Spinacia oleracea and Nicotiana debneyi predicts a totally conserved primary translation product of M(r) 38,950.
A genome-wide immunodetection screen in S. cerevisiae uncovers novel genes involved in lysosomal vacuole function and morphology.
Identification and characterization of the missing phosphatase on the riboflavin biosynthesis pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification and characterization of a L-tyrosine decarboxylase in Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
Cloning and primarily function study of two novel putative N5-glutamine methyltransferase (Hemk) splice variants from mouse stem cells.
Read-through transcript from NM23-H1 into the neighboring NM23-H2 gene encodes a novel protein, NM23-LV.
The production, purification and crystallization of a pocilloporin pigment from a reef-forming coral.
Expression and parent-of-origin effects for FIS2, MEA, and FIE in the endosperm and embryo of developing Arabidopsis seeds.
Cytological characterization of four meiotic mutants of Arabidopsis isolated from T-DNA-transformed lines.
Cloning of a novel component of A-type K+ channels operating at subthreshold potentials with unique expression in heart and brain.
Molecular characterization of nucleus-localized RNA-binding proteins from higher plants.
Localized products of futile cycle/lrmp promote centrosome-nucleus attachment in the zebrafish zygote.
Identification of a receptor necessary for Nogo-B stimulated chemotaxis and morphogenesis of endothelial cells.
Isolation and characterization of two novel metalloproteinase genes linked to the Cdc2L locus on human chromosome 1p36.3.
Characterization of cDNA and genomic sequences encoding rabbit ELAM-1: conservation of structure and functional interactions with leukocytes.
Ubiquitin-dependent degradation of IkappaBalpha is mediated by a ubiquitin ligase Skp1/Cul 1/F-box protein FWD1.
Assembly of lipopolysaccharide in Escherichia coli requires the essential LapB heat shock protein.
The Caenorhabditis elegans hif-1 gene encodes a bHLH-PAS protein that is required for adaptation to hypoxia.
Sequencing, cloning, and expression of human red cell-type acid phosphatase, a cytoplasmic phosphotyrosyl protein phosphatase.
IQCJ-SCHIP1, a novel fusion transcript encoding a calmodulin-binding IQ motif protein.
A new type of sulfite reductase, a novel coenzyme F420-dependent enzyme, from the methanarchaeon Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
Myoneurin, a novel member of the BTB/POZ-zinc finger family highly expressed in human muscle.
Identification, cloning, and expression of human estrogen receptor-alpha36, a novel variant of human estrogen receptor-alpha66.
An Arabidopsis thaliana methyltransferase capable of methylating farnesoic acid.
Pathogenic effects of novel mutations in the P-type ATPase ATP13A2 (PARK9) causing Kufor-Rakeb syndrome, a form of early-onset parkinsonism.
The RNA-binding protein Tsunagi interacts with Mago Nashi to establish polarity and localize oskar mRNA during Drosophila oogenesis.
NorM, a putative multidrug efflux protein, of Vibrio parahaemolyticus and its homolog in Escherichia coli.
ADP1 affects plant architecture by regulating local auxin biosynthesis.
An ice-binding protein from an Antarctic sea ice bacterium.
MAG4/Atp115 is a golgi-localized tethering factor that mediates efficient anterograde transport in Arabidopsis.
Mutations in the rice liguleless gene result in a complete loss of the auricle, ligule, and laminar joint.
Protein interaction network of alternatively spliced isoforms from brain links genetic risk factors for autism.
Modulation of polyketide synthase activity by accessory proteins during lovastatin biosynthesis.
The strychnine-binding subunit of the glycine receptor shows homology with nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Identification and characterization of a novel family of Drosophila beta-adrenergic-like octopamine G-protein coupled receptors.
Cloning and functional analysis of human mTERFL encoding a novel mitochondrial transcription termination factor-like protein.
Retinoic acid induces three newly cloned HOXA1 transcripts in MCF7 breast cancer cells.
Identification and characterization of a novel splice variant of mouse and rat cytochrome b5/cytochrome b5 reductase.
Nucleoside transport in cells and membrane vesicles from Escherichia coli K12.
An alternatively spliced form of the human lysosome-associated membrane protein-2 gene is expressed in a tissue-specific manner.
A mouse gene encoding an oocyte antigen associated with autoimmune premature ovarian failure.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA gyrase possesses two functional GyrA-boxes.
JAM-2, a novel immunoglobulin superfamily molecule, expressed by endothelial and lymphatic cells.
Seven novel modulators of the analgesic target NaV 1.7 uncovered using a high-throughput venom-based discovery approach.
Cloning and expression of the human kv4.3 potassium channel.
Plant purine nucleoside catabolism employs a guanosine deaminase required for the generation of xanthosine in Arabidopsis.
Identification and characterisation of a cDNA encoding a 17-kDa isoform of rat myelin basic protein.
Peptide T, a novel bradykinin potentiator isolated from Tityus serrulatus scorpion venom.
Multiple splice variants of the human HIF-3 alpha locus are targets of the von Hippel-Lindau E3 ubiquitin ligase complex.
The CA 125 gene: an extracellular superstructure dominated by repeat sequences.
The LAR transmembrane protein tyrosine phosphatase and a coiled-coil LAR-interacting protein co-localize at focal adhesions.
Human and mouse orthologs of a new ATP-binding cassette gene, ABCG4.
Proteins containing the UBA domain are able to bind to multi-ubiquitin chains.
FRIGIDA delays flowering in Arabidopsis via a cotranscriptional mechanism involving direct interaction with the nuclear cap-binding complex.
Characterization of mammalian orthologues of the Drosophila osa gene: cDNA cloning, expression, chromosomal localization, and direct physical interaction with Brahma chromatin-remodeling complex.
Molecular characterization of h-l(3)mbt-like: a new member of the human mbt family.
Integrin-mediated short-term memory in Drosophila.
Acyl-lipid metabolism.
Alternative forms of formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Two malate dehydrogenases in Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum.
Engineering broad-spectrum digestion of polyuronides from an exolytic polysaccharide lyase.
The Raf-like Kinase ILK1 and the High Affinity K+ Transporter HAK5 Are Required for Innate Immunity and Abiotic Stress Response.
Characterization of paired Ig-like receptors in rats.
Molecular cloning and characterization of Pals, proteins associated with mLin-7.
Identification of a structural and functional domain in xNAP1 involved in protein-protein interactions.
Molecular cloning of three pyranose dehydrogenase-encoding genes from Agaricus meleagris and analysis of their expression by real-time RT-PCR.
Human ECT2 is an exchange factor for Rho GTPases, phosphorylated in G2/M phases, and involved in cytokinesis.
Isolation of the human Xp21 glycerol kinase gene by positional cloning.
Phosphorylation and inhibition of olfactory adenylyl cyclase by CaM kinase II in Neurons: a mechanism for attenuation of olfactory signals.
An eight-cysteine-containing CFEM domain unique to a group of fungal membrane proteins.
Expanding the scorpion toxin alpha-KTX 15 family with AmmTX3 from Androctonus mauretanicus.
Arabidopsis ABA-Activated Kinase MAPKKK18 is Regulated by Protein Phosphatase 2C ABI1 and the Ubiquitin-Proteasome Pathway.
Uncovering of major genetic factors generating naturally occurring variation in heading date among Asian rice cultivars.
Proper regulation of a sperm-specific cis-nat-siRNA is essential for double fertilization in Arabidopsis.
Cloning and characterization of a human leptin receptor using a biologically active leptin immunoadhesin.
Characterization of a highly stable trypsin-like proteinase inhibitor from the seeds of Opuntia streptacantha (O. streptacantha Lemaire).
A catalytic mechanism for D-Tyr-tRNATyr deacylase based on the crystal structure of Hemophilus influenzae HI0670.
Cloning and tissue distribution of the human G protein beta 5 cDNA.
A novel lipase belonging to the hormone-sensitive lipase family induced under starvation to utilize stored triacylglycerol in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Assignment of 2'-O-methyltransferases to modification sites on the mammalian mitochondrial large subunit 16 S ribosomal RNA (rRNA).
Biosynthesis of the C(7)-cyclitol moiety of acarbose in Actinoplanes species SE50/110. 7-O-phosphorylation of the initial cyclitol precursor leads to proposal of a new biosynthetic pathway.
Alternative promoter usage of the Fos-responsive gene Fit-1 generates mRNA isoforms coding for either secreted or membrane-bound proteins related to the IL-1 receptor.
The HCL gene of Medicago truncatula controls Rhizobium-induced root hair curling.
Cloning and characterization of the human homologue of a dystrophin related phosphoprotein found at the Torpedo electric organ post-synaptic membrane.
Functional analysis of the purified anandamide-generating phospholipase D as a member of the metallo-beta-lactamase family.
Binding of ReO4(-) with an engineered MoO4(2-)-binding protein: towards a new approach in radiopharmaceutical applications.
Identification of genes encoding adenylate isopentenyltransferase, a cytokinin biosynthesis enzyme, in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Purification and characterization of rat des-Gln14-Ghrelin, a second endogenous ligand for the growth hormone secretagogue receptor.
Cloning and activity of a novel α-latrotoxin from red-back spider venom.
Structure of MurA (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase) from Vibrio fischeri in complex with substrate UDP-N-acetylglucosamine and the drug fosfomycin.
The endopolyphosphatase gene: essential in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Expression of a novel HsMCAK mRNA splice variant, tsMCAK gene, in human testis.
Differential expression and distinct structure of 69- and 100-kDa forms of 2-5A synthetase in human cells treated with interferon.
Sequences of genes encoding naphthalene dioxygenase in Pseudomonas putida strains G7 and NCIB 9816-4.
MICS-1 interacts with mitochondrial ATAD-3 and modulates lifespan in C. elegans.
Modification of the substrate specificity of an acyl-acyl carrier protein thioesterase by protein engineering.
The Caenorhabditis elegans iodotyrosine deiodinase ortholog SUP-18 functions through a conserved channel SC-box to regulate the muscle two-pore domain potassium channel SUP-9.
Processing by proprotein convertases is required for glypican-3 modulation of cell survival, Wnt signaling, and gastrulation movements.
The oxygenase component of the 2-aminobenzenesulfonate dioxygenase system from Alcaligenes sp. strain O-1.
Molecular identification of N-acetylaspartylglutamate synthase and beta-citrylglutamate synthase.
A truncated erythropoietin receptor that fails to prevent programmed cell death of erythroid cells.
Imidazole acetol phosphate aminotransferase in Zymomonas mobilis: molecular genetic, biochemical, and evolutionary analyses.
Monodehydroascorbate reductase 2 and dehydroascorbate reductase 5 are crucial for a mutualistic interaction between Piriformospora indica and Arabidopsis.
Human phosphodiesterase 8A splice variants: cloning, gene organization, and tissue distribution.
Snake venom toxins. The primary structures of two novel cytotoxin homologues from the venom of forest cobra (Naja melanoleuca).
The MUR3 gene of Arabidopsis encodes a xyloglucan galactosyltransferase that is evolutionarily related to animal exostosins.
A novel beta(1,6)-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase V (GnT-VB)(1).
A proton-gated cation channel involved in acid-sensing.
The use of an alternative promoter in the Arabidopsis thaliana HMG1 gene generates an mRNA that encodes a novel 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase isoform with an extended N-terminal region.
Snake venom. The amino acid sequence of protein A from Dendroaspis polylepis polylepis (black mamba) venom.
Hepatocyte nuclear factor 3/fork head homolog 11 is expressed in proliferating epithelial and mesenchymal cells of embryonic and adult tissues.
Two novel human pancreatic lipase related proteins, hPLRP1 and hPLRP2. Differences in colipase dependence and in lipase activity.
LdrP, a cAMP receptor protein/FNR family transcriptional regulator, serves as a positive regulator for the light-inducible gene cluster in the megaplasmid of Thermus thermophilus.
GIGANTUS1 (GTS1), a member of Transducin/WD40 protein superfamily, controls seed germination, growth and biomass accumulation through ribosome-biogenesis protein interactions in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cloning and overexpression of polypeptide release factor 1 of Thermus thermophilus.
Arabidopsis phyllotaxis is controlled by the methyl-esterification status of cell-wall pectins.
Characterization of α-mannosidase from Dolichos lablab seeds: partial amino acid sequencing and N-glycan analysis.
Orthologs of the archaeal isopentenyl phosphate kinase regulate terpenoid production in plants.
Human mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 7 (MKK7) is a highly conserved c-Jun N-terminal kinase/stress-activated protein kinase (JNK/SAPK) activated by environmental stresses and physiological stimuli.
Nucleotide sequences and operon structure of plasmid-borne genes mediating uptake and utilization of raffinose in Escherichia coli.
Aberrant splicing of proteolipid protein mRNA in the dysmyelinating jimpy mutant mouse.
Requirement for the enzymes acetoacetyl coenzyme A synthetase and poly-3-hydroxybutyrate (PHB) synthase for growth of Sinorhizobium meliloti on PHB cycle intermediates.
Relationships of PPARgamma and PPARgamma2 mRNA levels to obesity, diabetes and hyperinsulinaemia in rhesus monkeys.
Characterization of genes required for protein sorting and vacuolar function in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
eIF4E function in somatic cells modulates ageing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The Dof family of plant transcription factors.
Characterization of the plant homolog of Nijmegen breakage syndrome 1: Involvement in DNA repair and recombination.
HDJC9, a novel human type C DnaJ/HSP40 member interacts with and cochaperones HSP70 through the J domain.
Purification of a 41-kDa insulin-like growth factor binding protein from serum of chinook salmon, Oncorhynchus tshawytscha.
Purification, characterization, and molecular cloning of lactonizing lipase from Pseudomonas species.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. II. The coding sequences of 40 new genes (KIAA0041-KIAA0080) deduced by analysis of cDNA clones from human cell line KG-1.
IHG-2, a mesangial cell gene induced by high glucose, is human gremlin. Regulation by extracellular glucose concentration, cyclic mechanical strain, and transforming growth factor-beta1.
Two related pyrrolidinedione synthetase loci in Fusarium heterosporum ATCC 74349 produce divergent metabolites.
A missense mutation in the gene encoding the alpha 1 subunit of the inhibitory glycine receptor in the spasmodic mouse.
Structural evidence for adaptive ligand binding of glycolipid transfer protein.
Identification of human CPI-17, an inhibitory phosphoprotein for myosin phosphatase.
Molecular cloning and characterization of desacetoxyvindoline-4-hydroxylase, a 2-oxoglutarate dependent-dioxygenase involved in the biosynthesis of vindoline in Catharanthus roseus (L.) G. Don.
A family of human phosphodiesterases homologous to the dunce learning and memory gene product of Drosophila melanogaster are potential targets for antidepressant drugs.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (Scd1) gene overexpression is associated with genetic predisposition to hepatocarcinogenesis in mice and rats.
Two transcription factors, DREB1 and DREB2, with an EREBP/AP2 DNA binding domain separate two cellular signal transduction pathways in drought- and low-temperature-responsive gene expression, respectively, in Arabidopsis.
Design and characterization of a highly selective peptide inhibitor of the small conductance calcium-activated K+ channel, SkCa2.
ACRC codes for a novel nuclear protein with unusual acidic repeat tract and maps to DYT3 (dystonia parkinsonism) critical interval in xq13.1.
cDNA cloning and functional properties of human glutamate receptor EAA3 (GluR5) in homomeric and heteromeric configuration.
A short isoform of the human growth hormone receptor functions as a dominant negative inhibitor of the full-length receptor and generates large amounts of binding protein.
inhA, a gene encoding a target for isoniazid and ethionamide in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
A naturally occurring isoform of the human macrophage scavenger receptor (SR-A) gene generated by alternative splicing blocks modified LDL uptake.
Identification of a gene (FMR-1) containing a CGG repeat coincident with a breakpoint cluster region exhibiting length variation in fragile X syndrome.
The Myb-domain protein ULTRAPETALA1 INTERACTING FACTOR 1 controls floral meristem activities in Arabidopsis.
A nuclear FK506-binding protein is a histone chaperone regulating rDNA silencing.
Identification of kinesin-like molecules in myogenic cells.
α-Galactosidase/sucrose kinase (AgaSK), a novel bifunctional enzyme from the human microbiome coupling galactosidase and kinase activities.
Participation of a galactose-specific C-type lectin in Drosophila immunity.
The Drosophila ninaC locus encodes two photoreceptor cell specific proteins with domains homologous to protein kinases and the myosin heavy chain head.
Arabidopsis haiku mutants reveal new controls of seed size by endosperm.
Purification of a lysozyme from skin secretions of Bufo andrewsi.
The precursor of Alzheimer's disease amyloid A4 protein resembles a cell-surface receptor.
A glutathione S-transferase gene of the vector mosquito, Anopheles gambiae.
Cloning of the cDNA and chromosome localization of the gene for human thymidine kinase 2.
Cell cycle-dependent polar localization of chromosome partitioning proteins in Caulobacter crescentus.
Insights into role of the hydrogen bond networks in substrate recognition by UDP-GalNAc 4-epimerases.
Expression of the murine homologue of FMR2 in mouse brain and during development.
Structural characterization of GnRH loci in the medaka genome.
The MADS transcription factor XAL2/AGL14 modulates auxin transport during Arabidopsis root development by regulating PIN expression.
Acyl homoserine lactone-based quorum sensing in a methanogenic archaeon.
Ppg1, a PP2A-type protein phosphatase, controls filament extension and virulence in Candida albicans.
Short-chain peptides identification of scorpion Buthus martensi Karsch venom by employing high orthogonal 2D-HPLC system and tandem mass spectrometry.
RLF, a cytochrome b(5)-like heme/steroid binding domain protein, controls lateral root formation independently of ARF7/19-mediated auxin signaling in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of the interferon genes in homozygous rainbow trout reveals two novel genes, alternate splicing and differential regulation of duplicated genes.
Isolation and characterization of the genes encoding a novel oxygenase component of angular dioxygenase from the gram-positive dibenzofuran-degrader Terrabacter sp. strain DBF63.
Molecular cloning of guinea pig membrane cofactor protein: preferential expression in testis.
The C. elegans sex-determining gene fem-2 encodes a putative protein phosphatase.
Monalysin, a novel ß-pore-forming toxin from the Drosophila pathogen Pseudomonas entomophila, contributes to host intestinal damage and lethality.
Human hydroxyindole-O-methyltransferase: presence of LINE-1 fragment in a cDNA clone and pineal mRNA.
Direct and indirect regulation of derrière, a Xenopus mesoderm-inducing factor, by VegT.
Mutant alleles of Arabidopsis RADIALLY SWOLLEN 4 and 7 reduce growth anisotropy without altering the transverse orientation of cortical microtubules or cellulose microfibrils.
Long noncoding RNA modulates alternative splicing regulators in Arabidopsis.
Characterization of a functional neuropeptide F receptor from Drosophila melanogaster.
An F-domain introduced by alternative splicing regulates activity of the zebrafish thyroid hormone receptor alpha.
Enhanced disease resistance and hypersensitivity to BTH by introduction of an NH1/OsNPR1 paralog.
The Arabidopsis ERECTA gene encodes a putative receptor protein kinase with extracellular leucine-rich repeats.
Alternative splicing of the human c-myb gene.
N-terminal acetylome analysis reveals the specificity of Naa50 (Nat5) and suggests a kinetic competition between N-terminal acetyltransferases and methionine aminopeptidases.
MEPE/OF45, a new dentin/bone matrix protein and candidate gene for dentin diseases mapping to chromosome 4q21.
The human hnRNP-M proteins: structure and relation with early heat shock-induced splicing arrest and chromosome mapping.
A multifaceted genomics approach allows the isolation of the rice Pia-blast resistance gene consisting of two adjacent NBS-LRR protein genes.
A second molecular form of D2 dopamine receptor in rat and bovine caudate nucleus.
2-O-α-D-glucosylglycerol phosphorylase from Bacillus selenitireducens MLS10 possessing hydrolytic activity on β-D-glucose 1-phosphate.
Substitution rate and structural divergence of 5'UTR evolution: comparative analysis between human and cynomolgus monkey cDNAs.
Phosphorylation of receptor-like cytoplasmic kinases by bacterial flagellin.
High-yield novel leech hyaluronidase to expedite the preparation of specific hyaluronan oligomers.
Two peptides, TsAP-1 and TsAP-2, from the venom of the Brazilian yellow scorpion, Tityus serrulatus: evaluation of their antimicrobial and anticancer activities.
Arabidopsis MICROTUBULE-ASSOCIATED PROTEIN18 functions in directional cell growth by destabilizing cortical microtubules.
Aberrant splicing of the hRasGRP4 transcript and decreased levels of this signaling protein in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells in a subset of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Phylogenetic and genetic linkage between novel atypical dual-specificity phosphatases from non-metazoan organisms.
HE6, a two-subunit heptahelical receptor associated with apical membranes of efferent and epididymal duct epithelia.
Regulation by adrenocorticotropic hormone and arachidonate of the expression of acyl-CoA synthetase 4, an arachidonate-preferring enzyme expressed in steroidogenic tissues.
Characterization of cDNA clones in size-fractionated cDNA libraries from human brain.
Molecular cloning and expression of a variant form of hippostasin/KLK11 in prostate.
Alternative splicing of GTBP in normal human tissues.
Identification and characterization of Rab7 from orange-spotted grouper, Epinephelus coioides.
Phosphorylation of calcipressin 1 increases its ability to inhibit calcineurin and decreases calcipressin half-life.
Alternative splicing generates two isoforms of the beta3-adrenoceptor which are differentially expressed in mouse tissues.
Membrane Proteomics Analysis of the <i>Candida glabrata</i> Response to 5-Flucytosine: Unveiling the Role and Regulation of the Drug Efflux Transporters CgFlr1 and CgFlr2.
Analysis of the root-hair morphogenesis transcriptome reveals the molecular identity of six genes with roles in root-hair development in Arabidopsis.
AtLAZY1 is a signaling component required for gravitropism of the Arabidopsis thaliana inflorescence.
The L-lactate dehydrogenase gene of the hyperthermophilic bacterium Thermotoga maritima cloned by complementation in Escherichia coli.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa synthesizes phosphatidylcholine by use of the phosphatidylcholine synthase pathway.
Expression of mOb1, a novel atypical 73 amino acid K50-homeodomain protein, during mouse development.
Perception of root-derived peptides by shoot LRR-RKs mediates systemic N-demand signaling.
Purification and characterization of membrane-bound prostaglandin E synthase from bovine heart.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of dNOS: a Drosophila Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent nitric oxide synthase.
The nonribosomal peptide synthetase enzyme DdaD tethers N(β)-fumaramoyl-l-2,3-diaminopropionate for Fe(II)/α-ketoglutarate-dependent epoxidation by DdaC during dapdiamide antibiotic biosynthesis.
Characterization and cloning of long neurotoxin homolog from Naja naja atra.
Primary structure of human matrilin-2, chromosome location of the MATN2 gene and conservation of an AT-AC intron in matrilin genes.
Isolation and characterization of a novel glycosyltransferase that converts phloretin to phlorizin, a potent antioxidant in apple.
Wheat germ cell-free translation, purification, and assembly of a functional human stearoyl-CoA desaturase complex.
Identification of a novel transcript produced by the gene responsible for the Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome in Puerto Rico.
Primary structure and binding activity of the hnRNP U protein: binding RNA through RGG box.
Novel antilisterial bacteriocin licheniocin 50.2 from Bacillus licheniformis VPS50.2 isolated from soil sample.
TrnR2, a novel receptor that mediates neurturin and GDNF signaling through Ret.
Isolation and characterization of a 40-kDa cyclophilin-related protein.
Cloning and characterization of the genes encoding the malolactic enzyme and the malate permease of Leuconostoc oenos.
Rna-binding protein Musashi2: developmentally regulated expression in neural precursor cells and subpopulations of neurons in mammalian CNS.
The MYB80 transcription factor is required for pollen development and the regulation of tapetal programmed cell death in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification and characterization of a gene coding a novel isoform of DEAD-box protein.
KATAMARI1/MURUS3 Is a novel golgi membrane protein that is required for endomembrane organization in Arabidopsis.
Proliferation-associated SNF2-like gene (PASG): a SNF2 family member altered in leukemia.
Retina-derived POU-domain factor-1: a complex POU-domain gene implicated in the development of retinal ganglion and amacrine cells.
Crystal structure of Mycobacterium tuberculosis ketol-acid reductoisomerase at 1.0 Å resolution - a potential target for anti-tuberculosis drug discovery.
Mycobacteriophage D29 holin C-terminal region functionally assists in holin aggregation and bacterial cell death.
The histone acetyltransferase NCOAT contains a zinc finger-like motif involved in substrate recognition.
Cloning and characterization of maxi K+ channel alpha-subunit in rabbit kidney.
Cloning of a complementary DNA coding for the 100-kD antigenic protein of the PM-Scl autoantigen.
A cAMP-regulatory sequence (CRS1) of CYP17 is a cellular target for the homeodomain protein Pbx1.
Isolation of two E-box binding factors that interact with the rat tyrosine hydroxylase enhancer.
Identification of the receptor component of the IkappaBalpha-ubiquitin ligase.
Two glucuronoyl esterases of Phanerochaete chrysosporium.
Evolutionary conservation of mammalian HTRA3 and its developmental regulation in the rat ovary.
An Arabidopsis mutant with high cyclic electron flow around photosystem I (hcef) involving the NADPH dehydrogenase complex.
Concerted evolution of sea anemone neurotoxin genes is revealed through analysis of the Nematostella vectensis genome.
Salmonella typhimurium LT2 catabolizes propionate via the 2-methylcitric acid cycle.
Structure and molecular mechanism of a nucleobase-cation-symport-1 family transporter.
The human hepatocyte nuclear factor 3/fork head gene FKHL13: genomic structure and pattern of expression.
Mutation of an Arabidopsis NatB N-alpha-terminal acetylation complex component causes pleiotropic developmental defects.
High conservation of the Set1/Rad6 axis of histone 3 lysine 4 methylation in budding and fission yeasts.
Characterization of three beta-galactoside phosphorylases from Clostridium phytofermentans: discovery of d-galactosyl-beta1->4-l-rhamnose phosphorylase.
The Mediterranean scorpion Mesobuthus gibbosus (Scorpiones, Buthidae): transcriptome analysis and organization of the genome encoding chlorotoxin-like peptides.
Comparative analysis of HD2 type histone deacetylases in higher plants.
GARP (LRRC32) is essential for the surface expression of latent TGF-beta on platelets and activated FOXP3+ regulatory T cells.
The 2p21 deletion syndrome: characterization of the transcription content.
Characterization of the proton/glutamate symport protein of Bacillus subtilis and its functional expression in Escherichia coli.
The diabetes-prone BB rat carries a frameshift mutation in Ian4, a positional candidate of Iddm1.
Arabidopsis brassinosteroid-insensitive dwarf12 mutants are semidominant and defective in a glycogen synthase kinase 3beta-like kinase.
A human lymphoid-specific transcription factor that activates immunoglobulin genes is a homoeobox protein.
An eIF4AIII-containing complex required for mRNA localization and nonsense-mediated mRNA decay.
A protein with amino acid sequence homology to bovine insulin is present in the legume Vigna unguiculata (cowpea).
Positional cloning and characterization of Mei1, a vertebrate-specific gene required for normal meiotic chromosome synapsis in mice.
Characterization of human mesothelin transcripts in ovarian and pancreatic cancer.
A subset of Drosophila integrator proteins is essential for efficient U7 snRNA and spliceosomal snRNA 3'-end formation.
Cloning of two isoforms of the rat brain Na(+)-Ca2+ exchanger gene and their functional expression in HeLa cells.
Molecular cloning and expression of rat contraception associated protein 1 (CAP1), a protein putatively involved in fertilization.
Molecular cloning and functional reconstitution of a urate transporter/channel.
Blom7alpha is a novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K homology domain protein involved in pre-mRNA splicing that interacts with SNEVPrp19-Pso4.
Cis-element- and transcriptome-based screening of root hair-specific genes and their functional characterization in Arabidopsis.
An alternatively spliced fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-5 mRNA is abundant in brain and translates into a partial agonist/antagonist for FGF-5 neurotrophic activity.
Fructose 1,6-bisphosphate-dependent L-lactate dehydrogenase from Thermus aquaticus YT-1, an extreme thermophile: activation by citrate and modification reagents and comparison with Thermus caldophilus GK24 L-lactate dehydrogenase.
A novel isoform of human fibroblast growth factor 8 is induced by androgens and associated with progression of esophageal carcinoma.
A gene-rich cluster between the CD4 and triosephosphate isomerase genes at human chromosome 12p13.
Characterization of the interferon regulatory factor-7 and its potential role in the transcription activation of interferon A genes.
Cloning and expression of the N,N-dimethylformamidase gene from Alcaligenes sp. strain KUFA-1.
The MUC5AC glycoprotein is the primary receptor for Helicobacter pylori in the human stomach.
The methyl-CpG-binding protein MBD7 facilitates active DNA demethylation to limit DNA hyper-methylation and transcriptional gene silencing.
Sequence, annotation, and analysis of synteny between rice chromosome 3 and diverged grass species.
A new class of adenylate kinase in methanogens is related to uridylate kinase.
The glyoxylate cycle is required for temporal regulation of virulence by the plant pathogenic fungus Magnaporthe grisea.
Identification of two splice isoforms of mRNA for mouse hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 (HNF-4).
Fatty acid biosynthesis in Pseudomonas aeruginosa is initiated by the FabY class of β-ketoacyl acyl carrier protein synthases.
A novel µ-conopeptide, CnIIIC, exerts potent and preferential inhibition of NaV1.2/1.4 channels and blocks neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Molecular cloning of a novel human gene on chromosome 4p11 by immunoscreening of an ovarian carcinoma cDNA library.
Quenching quorum-sensing-dependent bacterial infection by an N-acyl homoserine lactonase.
The gene lin-3 encodes an inductive signal for vulval development in C. elegans.
Nod2, a Nod1/Apaf-1 family member that is restricted to monocytes and activates NF-kappaB.
A family of mammalian F-box proteins.
Cloning of novel immunoglobulin superfamily receptors expressed on human myeloid and lymphoid cells: structural evidence for new stimulatory and inhibitory pathways.
HSF4, a new member of the human heat shock factor family which lacks properties of a transcriptional activator.
Differential regulation by magnesium of the two MsbB paralogs of Shigella flexneri.
The semi-phosphorylative Entner-Doudoroff pathway in hyperthermophilic archaea: a re-evaluation.
Kinesin light chains: identification and characterization of a family of proteins from the optic lobe of the squid Loligo pealii.
A K+ channel splice variant common in human heart lacks a C-terminal domain required for expression of rapidly activating delayed rectifier current.
Hat2p recognizes the histone H3 tail to specify the acetylation of the newly synthesized H3/H4 heterodimer by the Hat1p/Hat2p complex.
The assessment of Ki-67 as a prognostic marker in neuroendocrine tumours: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Arabidopsis TTR1 causes LRR-dependent lethal systemic necrosis, rather than systemic acquired resistance, to Tobacco ringspot virus.
GintGRX1, the first characterized glomeromycotan glutaredoxin, is a multifunctional enzyme that responds to oxidative stress.
Capsular glucan and intracellular glycogen of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: biosynthesis and impact on the persistence in mice.
cDNA cloning of the human retinal rod Na-Ca + K exchanger: comparison with a revised bovine sequence.
Xpbx1b and Xmeis1b play a collaborative role in hindbrain and neural crest gene expression in Xenopus embryos.
Propane monooxygenase and NAD+-dependent secondary alcohol dehydrogenase in propane metabolism by Gordonia sp. strain TY-5.
Three Arabidopsis fatty acyl-coenzyme A reductases, FAR1, FAR4, and FAR5, generate primary fatty alcohols associated with suberin deposition.
In silico-initiated cloning and molecular characterization of a novel human member of the L1 gene family of neural cell adhesion molecules.
Plant Kinesin-Like Calmodulin Binding Protein Employs Its Regulatory Domain for Dimerization.
Epsin binds to the EH domain of POB1 and regulates receptor-mediated endocytosis.
Calcineurin-dependent nuclear translocation of a murine transcription factor NFATx: molecular cloning and functional characterization.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae Eukaryotic Elongation Factor 1A (eEF1A) Is Methylated at Lys-390 by a METTL21-Like Methyltransferase.
Drosophila Gtsf1 is an essential component of the Piwi-mediated transcriptional silencing complex.
Independent sorting-out of thousands of duplicated gene pairs in two yeast species descended from a whole-genome duplication.
Cloning, sequence and expression of the gene encoding the malolactic enzyme from Lactococcus lactis.
Peptidomic analysis of antimicrobial peptides in skin secretions of Amolops mantzorum.
Nucleotide sequences of cDNAs encoding precursors of human insulin-like growth factor II (IGF-II) and an IGF-II variant.
Rubber oxygenase and latex clearing protein cleave rubber to different products and use different cleavage mechanisms.
Characterization of PO1, a new peptide ligand of the apamin-sensitive Ca2+ activated K+ channel.
LAX PANICLE2 of rice encodes a novel nuclear protein and regulates the formation of axillary meristems.
Dephosphorylation of 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate by MIPP expands the regulatory capacity of the Rapoport-Luebering glycolytic shunt.
A member of a novel Arabidopsis thaliana gene family of candidate Mg2+ ion transporters complements a yeast mitochondrial group II intron-splicing mutant.
Cloning and expression of the epsilon 4 subunit of the NMDA receptor channel.
Molecular and Functional Differences between Heart mKv1.7 Channel Isoforms.
A cDNA encoding a putative 37 kDa leucine-rich repeat (LRR) protein, p37NB, isolated from S-type neuroblastoma cell has a differential tissue distribution.
Characterization of the human germ cell nuclear factor gene.
An internal motor kinesin is associated with the Golgi apparatus and plays a role in trichome morphogenesis in Arabidopsis.
2,4-Dienoyl-CoA reductase from Escherichia coli is a novel iron-sulfur flavoprotein that functions in fatty acid beta-oxidation.
Mouse Mef2b gene: unique member of MEF2 gene family.
Preparation of enzymes required for enzymatic quantification of 5-keto-D-gluconate and 2-keto-D-gluconate.
An atypical HLH protein OsLF in rice regulates flowering time and interacts with OsPIL13 and OsPIL15.
Nonsyndromic hearing impairment is associated with a mutation in DFNA5.
Characterization of the hlyB gene and its role in the production of the El Tor haemolysin of Vibrio cholerae O1.
Molecular cloning and expression of megakaryocyte potentiating factor cDNA.
The amino acid sequence of toxin RpIII from the sea anemone, Radianthus paumotensis.
Gene cloning and heterologous synthesis of a haloalkaliphilic extracellular protease of Natrialba magadii (Nep).
Production of the novel two-peptide lantibiotic lichenicidin by Bacillus licheniformis DSM 13.
The La-related protein LARP7 is a component of the 7SK ribonucleoprotein and affects transcription of cellular and viral polymerase II genes.
Regulation of enterocyte apoptosis by acyl-CoA synthetase 5 splicing.
The Arabidopsis phospholipase D family. Characterization of a calcium-independent and phosphatidylcholine-selective PLD zeta 1 with distinct regulatory domains.
Purification of a 40-kilodalton methyltransferase active in the aflatoxin biosynthetic pathway.
Crystal structure of homoserine O-succinyltransferase from Bacillus cereus at 2.4 A resolution.
Structural basis for the recruitment of glycogen synthase by glycogenin.
Tricellulin constitutes a novel barrier at tricellular contacts of epithelial cells.
Structural insight into amino group-carrier protein-mediated lysine biosynthesis: crystal structure of the LysZ·LysW complex from Thermus thermophilus.
Characterization and Biological Activities of Ocellatin Peptides from the Skin Secretion of the Frog Leptodactylus pustulatus.
Isolation, characterization and molecular cloning of the bark lectins from Maackia amurensis.
Ventricular myosin light chain 1 is developmentally regulated and does not change in hypertension.
Dolichol-phosphate-mannose-3 (DPM3)/prostin-1 is a novel phospholipase C-gamma regulated gene negatively associated with prostate tumor invasion.
The cytochrome P450 CYP86A22 is a fatty acyl-CoA omega-hydroxylase essential for Estolide synthesis in the stigma of Petunia hybrida.
Structural insights into the N-terminal GIY-YIG endonuclease activity of Arabidopsis glutaredoxin AtGRXS16 in chloroplasts.
Structural features of LIM kinase that control effects on the actin cytoskeleton.
Structural and functional heterogeneity in the CD200R family of immunoregulatory molecules and their expression at the feto-maternal interface.
The AVIT protein family. Secreted cysteine-rich vertebrate proteins with diverse functions.
Identification of amino acid residues required for ferric-anguibactin transport in the outer-membrane receptor FatA of Vibrio anguillarum.
The maleless protein associates with the X chromosome to regulate dosage compensation in Drosophila.
Identification of a novel antiapoptotic human protein kinase C delta isoform, PKCdeltaVIII in NT2 cells.
A modulatory subunit of acid sensing ion channels in brain and dorsal root ganglion cells.
A mitochondrial pyruvate carrier required for pyruvate uptake in yeast, Drosophila, and humans.
QM/MM model of the mouse olfactory receptor MOR244-3 validated by site-directed mutagenesis experiments.
Functional conservation of Mei4 for meiotic DNA double-strand break formation from yeasts to mice.
Novel importin-alpha family member Kpna7 is required for normal fertility and fecundity in the mouse.
Serum- and oncoprotein-mediated induction of a gene with sequence similarity to the gene encoding carcinoembryonic antigen.
The DAISY gene from Arabidopsis encodes a fatty acid elongase condensing enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of aliphatic suberin in roots and the chalaza-micropyle region of seeds.
Identification and functional expression of the mitochondrial pyruvate carrier.
A heavy metal P-type ATPase OsHMA4 prevents copper accumulation in rice grain.
Structural basis for substrate specificity and catalysis of human histone acetyltransferase 1.
MKP-3, a novel cytosolic protein-tyrosine phosphatase that exemplifies a new class of mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase.
Generation of useful insertionally blocked sterol degradation pathway mutants of fast-growing mycobacteria and cloning, characterization, and expression of the terminal oxygenase of the 3-ketosteroid 9alpha-hydroxylase in Mycobacterium smegmatis mc(2)155.
Molecular analysis of the INCENPs (inner centromere proteins): separate domains are required for association with microtubules during interphase and with the central spindle during anaphase.
Alternative splicing and expression of human and mouse NFAT genes.
The F-box Protein KIB1 Mediates Brassinosteroid-Induced Inactivation and Degradation of GSK3-like Kinases in Arabidopsis.
Differential CNS expression of alternative mRNA isoforms of the mammalian genes encoding cAMP-specific phosphodiesterases.
A cluster of sulfatase genes on Xp22.3: mutations in chondrodysplasia punctata (CDPX) and implications for warfarin embryopathy.
Identification, cloning, nucleotide sequence and chromosomal map location of hns, the structural gene for Escherichia coli DNA-binding protein H-NS.
The molecular structure of epoxide hydrolase B from Mycobacterium tuberculosis and its complex with a urea-based inhibitor.
Escherichia coli Hsp31 functions as a holding chaperone that cooperates with the DnaK-DnaJ-GrpE system in the management of protein misfolding under severe stress conditions.
'VIT1', a novel gene associated with vitiligo.
Defective in Tapetal development and function 1 is essential for anther development and tapetal function for microspore maturation in Arabidopsis.
Novel genes encoding six kinds of three-finger toxins in Ophiophagus hannah (king cobra) and function characterization of two recombinant long-chain neurotoxins.
D-glucuronyl C5-epimerase acts in dorso-ventral axis formation in zebrafish.
A cryptic pigment biosynthetic pathway uncovered by heterologous expression is essential for conidial development in Pestalotiopsis fici.
Cloning and characterization of hNAT5/hSAN: an evolutionarily conserved component of the NatA protein N-alpha-acetyltransferase complex.
RLM3, a TIR domain encoding gene involved in broad-range immunity of Arabidopsis to necrotrophic fungal pathogens.
Identification by subtractive suppression hybridization of bacteria-induced genes expressed in Manduca sexta fat body.
Triggering of effector functions on a CD8+ T cell clone upon the aggregation of an activatory CD94/kp39 heterodimer.
Structural enzymology of Cellvibrio japonicus Agd31B protein reveals α-transglucosylase activity in glycoside hydrolase family 31.
Gene polymorphisms associated with reduced hepatic expression of porcine mannan-binding lectin C.
IRAK1b, a novel alternative splice variant of interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase (IRAK), mediates interleukin-1 signaling and has prolonged stability.
Developmental expression and biochemical characterization of Emu family members.
Resistance Gene-Guided Genome Mining: Serial Promoter Exchanges in Aspergillus nidulans Reveal the Biosynthetic Pathway for Fellutamide B, a Proteasome Inhibitor.
Kinesin light chain isoforms in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning of human erythroid dematin reveals another member of the villin family.
Urocanase and N-formimino-L-glutamate formiminohydrolase of Bacillus subtilis, two enzymes of the histidine degradation pathway.
A new submicroscopic deletion that refines the 9p region for sex reversal.
The sialomucin CD164 (MGC-24v) is an adhesive glycoprotein expressed by human hematopoietic progenitors and bone marrow stromal cells that serves as a potent negative regulator of hematopoiesis.
Interaction of a GRB-IR splice variant (a human GRB10 homolog) with the insulin and insulin-like growth factor I receptors. Evidence for a role in mitogenic signaling.
DRONC, an ecdysone-inducible Drosophila caspase.
Electrophysiological characterization of Ts6 and Ts7, K⁺ channel toxins isolated through an improved Tityus serrulatus venom purification procedure.
60S ribosome biogenesis requires rotation of the 5S ribonucleoprotein particle.
CMIX, a paired-type homeobox gene expressed before and during formation of the avian primitive streak.
Crystal structure and functional analysis of JMJD5 indicate an alternate specificity and function.
Evidence of a novel mevalonate pathway in archaea.
Cysteine-rich antimicrobial peptides of the cattle tick Boophilus microplus: isolation, structural characterization and tissue expression profile.
Biosynthesis of the immunosuppressants FK506, FK520, and rapamycin involves a previously undescribed family of enzymes acting on chorismate.
Eryngin, a novel antifungal peptide from fruiting bodies of the edible mushroom Pleurotus eryngii.
Subcellular localization of the methylcitric-acid-cycle enzymes in propionate metabolism of Yarrowia lipolytica.
A novel human actin-binding protein homologue that binds to platelet glycoprotein Ibalpha.
The mammalian degenerin MDEG, an amiloride-sensitive cation channel activated by mutations causing neurodegeneration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Transcripts encoding the sperm surface protein tMDC II are non-functional in the human.
Triclosan resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 is due to FabV, a triclosan-resistant enoyl-acyl carrier protein reductase.
Fhos2, a novel formin-related actin-organizing protein, probably associates with the nestin intermediate filament.
Transcripts of unknown function in multiple-signaling pathways involved in human stem cell differentiation.
Mucroporin, the first cationic host defense peptide from the venom of Lychas mucronatus.
The LCB4 (YOR171c) and LCB5 (YLR260w) genes of Saccharomyces encode sphingoid long chain base kinases.
Nuclear/nucleolar GTPase 2 proteins as a subfamily of YlqF/YawG GTPases function in pre-60S ribosomal subunit maturation of mono- and dicotyledonous plants.
Genetic analysis of two Arabidopsis DNA polymerase epsilon subunits during early embryogenesis.
Identification of the active site nucleophile in jack bean alpha-mannosidase using 5-fluoro-beta-L-gulosyl fluoride.
Two novel families of antimicrobial peptides from skin secretions of the Chinese torrent frog, Amolops jingdongensis.
LE-PAS, a novel Arnt-dependent HLH-PAS protein, is expressed in limbic tissues and transactivates the CNS midline enhancer element.
Kinetic and chemical mechanism of arylamine N-acetyltransferase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Prediction of the coding sequences of mouse homologues of FLJ genes: the complete nucleotide sequences of 110 mouse FLJ-homologous cDnas identified by screening of terminal sequences of cDNA clones randomly sampled from size-fractionated libraries.
Transcriptional profile of genes involved in ascorbate glutathione cycle in senescing leaves for an early senescence leaf (esl) rice mutant.
The homologies of gas vesicle proteins.
Purification and characterization of a haloalkane dehalogenase of a new substrate class from a gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane-degrading bacterium, Sphingomonas paucimobilis UT26.
Functional analysis of B144/LST1: a gene in the tumor necrosis factor cluster that induces formation of long filopodia in eukaryotic cells.
A DNA sequence containing the control sites for gene malT and for the malPQ operon.
XCL100, an inducible nuclear MAP kinase phosphatase from Xenopus laevis: its role in MAP kinase inactivation in differentiated cells and its expression during early development.
Specificity and enzyme kinetics of the quorum-quenching N-Acyl homoserine lactone lactonase (AHL-lactonase).
Induction of colonic epithelial cell apoptosis by p47-dependent oxidants.
Organ-specific alternative transcripts of KNOX family class 2 homeobox genes of rice.
Activation of prothrombin by two subtilisin-like serine proteases from Acremonium sp.
The ICL1 gene from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A member of the PLEIOTROPIC DRUG RESISTANCE family of ATP binding cassette transporters is required for the formation of a functional cuticle in Arabidopsis.
t(10;11)-acute leukemias with MLL-AF10 and MLL-ABI1 chimeric transcripts: specific expression patterns of ABI1 gene in leukemia and solid tumor cell lines.
HAP1-huntingtin interactions do not contribute to the molecular pathology in Huntington's disease transgenic mice.
Downregulation of OsPK1, a cytosolic pyruvate kinase, by T-DNA insertion causes dwarfism and panicle enclosure in rice.
Evidence for potential functionality of nuclearly-encoded humanin isoforms.
Purification and identification of a novel subunit of protein serine/threonine phosphatase 4.
Purification and characterization of myofibril-bound serine protease from lizard fish (Saurida undosquamis) muscle.
Human Pax-5 C-terminal isoforms possess distinct transactivation properties and are differentially modulated in normal and malignant B cells.
Macedovicin, the second food-grade lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198.
Characterization of the LARGE family of putative glycosyltransferases associated with dystroglycanopathies.
Murine and human autotaxin alpha, beta, and gamma isoforms: gene organization, tissue distribution, and biochemical characterization.
The combined structural and kinetic characterization of a bacterial nitronate monooxygenase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 establishes NMO class I and II.
Sucrose control of phytochrome A signaling in Arabidopsis.
A complementary DNA clone for a macrophage-lymphocyte Fc receptor.
Isolation of a cDNA clone coding for a putative second potassium channel indicates the existence of a gene family.
Identification and functional characterization of a novel interleukin 17 receptor: a possible mitogenic activation through ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.
Sequence of gene malG in E. coli K12: homologies between integral membrane components from binding protein-dependent transport systems.
[Soluble expression of peptide containing MUC1/Y-specific epitope in Escherichia coli and preparation of the antibody].
Infrared spectroscopy study on the conformational changes leading to pore formation of the toxin sticholysin II.
TWIK-1, a ubiquitous human weakly inward rectifying K+ channel with a novel structure.
Structural and biochemical analysis of sliding clamp/ligand interactions suggest a competition between replicative and translesion DNA polymerases.
Genome-wide RNAi screening identifies TMIGD3 isoform1 as a suppressor of NF-κB and osteosarcoma progression.
Cloning and expression of acetylcholinesterase from Bungarus fasciatus venom. A new type of cooh-terminal domain; involvement of a positively charged residue in the peripheral site.
A novel gene, GliH1, with homology to the Gli zinc finger domain not required for mouse development.
Chemo-enzymatic synthesis of equisetin.
The de novo cytosine methyltransferase DRM2 requires intact UBA domains and a catalytically mutated paralog DRM3 during RNA-directed DNA methylation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mammalian PNLDC1 is a novel poly(A) specific exonuclease with discrete expression during early development.
Cytochrome P450 as dimerization catalyst in diketopiperazine alkaloid biosynthesis.
Two separate key enzymes and two pathway-specific transcription factors are involved in fusaric acid biosynthesis in Fusarium fujikuroi.
PMT3 and PMT4, two new members of the protein-O-mannosyltransferase gene family of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Molecular identification and characterization of novel membrane-bound metalloprotease, the soluble secreted form of which hydrolyzes a variety of vasoactive peptides.
Genomic structures and sequences of two closely linked genes (AMT, TCTA) on dog chromosome 20q15.1-->q15.2.
Malate dehydrogenase: isolation from E. coli and comparison with the eukaryotic mitochondrial and cytoplasmic forms.
The protein kinases AtMAP3Kepsilon1 and BnMAP3Kepsilon1 are functional homologues of S. pombe cdc7p and may be involved in cell division.
Mammalian orthologues of a yeast regulator of nonsense transcript stability.
Molecular cloning and characterization of apricot fruit polyphenol oxidase.
CSBF/C10orf99, a novel potential cytokine, inhibits colon cancer cell growth through inducing G1 arrest.
Extensive post-translational modification, including serine to D-alanine conversion, in the two-component lantibiotic, lacticin 3147.
A novel, brain-specific mouse drebrin: cDNA cloning, chromosomal mapping, genomic structure, expression, and functional characterization.
Myosin light chain-2 luciferase transgenic mice reveal distinct regulatory programs for cardiac and skeletal muscle-specific expression of a single contractile protein gene.
Characterization of the Aspergillus nidulans monodictyphenone gene cluster.
Induction of lens differentiation by activation of a bZIP transcription factor, L-Maf.
A class III myosin expressed in the retina is a potential candidate for Bardet-Biedl syndrome.
Cod106, a novel synaptic protein expressed in sensory hair cells of the inner ear and in CNS neurons.
EPLIN, epithelial protein lost in neoplasm.
Two forms of 1B236/myelin-associated glycoprotein, a cell adhesion molecule for postnatal neural development, are produced by alternative splicing.
Isolation and biochemical characterization of two soluble iron(III) reductases from Paracoccus denitrificans.
An essential gene (efg) located at 38.1 minutes on the Escherichia coli chromosome.
Periaxin mutations cause recessive Dejerine-Sottas neuropathy.
Identification of a truncated alternative splicing variant of human PPARgamma1 that exhibits dominant negative activity.
A proteome-wide visual screen identifies fission yeast proteins localizing to DNA double-strand breaks.
Identification of the glucosyltransferase that mediates direct flavone C-glucosylation in Gentiana triflora.
The HSP90 family of genes in the human genome: insights into their divergence and evolution.
The sal3(+) gene encodes an importin-beta implicated in the nuclear import of Cdc25 in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Structure of the lysine specific protease Kgp from Porphyromonas gingivalis, a target for improved oral health.
Binding of human nucleotide exchange factors to heat shock protein 70 (Hsp70) generates functionally distinct complexes in vitro.
Ergot alkaloid biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus. Overproduction and biochemical characterization of a 4-dimethylallyltryptophan N-methyltransferase.
Role of acylamino acid-releasing enzyme/oxidized protein hydrolase in sustaining homeostasis of the cytoplasmic antioxidative system.
Identification and characterization of antimicrobial peptides from the skin of the endangered frog Odorrana ishikawae.
Novel molecular markers for late phases of the growth cycle of Arabidopsis thaliana cell-suspension cultures are expressed during organ senescence.
Gene expression profile of the rat eye iridocorneal angle: NEIBank expressed sequence tag analysis.
The erg gene: a human gene related to the ets oncogene.
REPRESSOR OF SILENCING5 Encodes a Member of the Small Heat Shock Protein Family and Is Required for DNA Demethylation in Arabidopsis.
Cloning, expression and initial characterization of interleukin-19 (IL-19), a novel homologue of human interleukin-10 (IL-10).
Primate genome gain and loss: a bone dysplasia, muscular dystrophy, and bone cancer syndrome resulting from mutated retroviral-derived MTAP transcripts.
The phosphoinositide phosphatase MTM-1 regulates apoptotic cell corpse clearance through CED-5-CED-12 in C. elegans.
METT-10, a putative methyltransferase, inhibits germ cell proliferative fate in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Antimicrobial activity of histones from hemocytes of the Pacific white shrimp.
Role of mitochondria in the pheromone- and amiodarone-induced programmed death of yeast.
Identification of a new family of protein phosphatase 2A regulatory subunits.
[Tissue specificity of alternative splicing products of mouse mRNA encoding new protein hampin homologous to the Drosophila MSL-1 protein].
[Primary structures of actinoporins from sea anemone Oulactis orientalis].
Transcriptional silencing and thermoregulation of gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Identification of chicken embryo kinase 5, a developmentally regulated receptor-type tyrosine kinase of the Eph family.
The isolation and characterization of a cDNA encoding phospholipid-specific inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
Cloning and characterization of a novel Cdc42-associated tyrosine kinase, ACK-2, from bovine brain.
Cloning and complete primary structure of the mouse laminin alpha 3 chain. Distinct expression pattern of the laminin alpha 3A and alpha 3B chain isoforms.
Characterization of human MAPRE genes and their proteins.
MqsR, a crucial regulator for quorum sensing and biofilm formation, is a GCU-specific mRNA interferase in Escherichia coli.
Molecular cloning and expression of a novel human cDNA containing CAG repeats.
A plus-end-directed motor enzyme that moves antiparallel microtubules in vitro localizes to the interzone of mitotic spindles.
Different 3' untranslated regions target alternatively processed hu-li tai shao (hts) transcripts to distinct cytoplasmic locations during Drosophila oogenesis.
A novel DNA damage recognition protein in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Neuronally expressed Ras-family GTPase Di-Ras modulates synaptic activity in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification and characterization of a novel gastric peptide hormone: the motilin-related peptide.
Identification of a major soluble protein in mitochondria from nonphotosynthetic tissues as NAD-dependent formate dehydrogenase.
A cysteine-rich form of Xenopus neuregulin induces the expression of acetylcholine receptors in cultured myotubes.
Pellino3, a novel member of the Pellino protein family, promotes activation of c-Jun and Elk-1 and may act as a scaffolding protein.
alpha-Bungarotoxin-sensitive nicotinic receptors on bovine chromaffin cells: molecular cloning, functional expression and alternative splicing of the alpha 7 subunit.
Multiple forms of rat calpastatin cDNA in the coding region of functionally unknown amino-terminal domain.
The nucleotide sequence of leuB from Salmonella typhimurium.
Differential display RT-PCR analysis of enterovirus-71-infected rhabdomyosarcoma cells reveals mRNA expression responses of multiple human genes with known and novel functions.
Completion of the nucleotide sequence of the 'maltose B' region in Salmonella typhimurium: the high conservation of the malM gene suggests a selected physiological role for its product.
Identification of an alternative splicing isoform of chicken Lmbr1.
Characterization of NERF, a novel transcription factor related to the Ets factor ELF-1.
Bovine NAD+-dependent isocitrate dehydrogenase: alternative splicing and tissue-dependent expression of subunit 1.
Dynamic expression of the murine Achaete-Scute homologue Mash-1 in the developing nervous system.
Characterization of two linear cationic antimalarial peptides in the scorpion Mesobuthus eupeus.
Sequences and expression of pyruvate dehydrogenase genes from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Identification of a Passiflora alata Curtis dimeric peptide showing identity with 2S albumins.
Periaxin, a novel protein of myelinating Schwann cells with a possible role in axonal ensheathment.
Novel alternatively spliced isoforms of the neurofibromatosis type 2 tumor suppressor are targeted to the nucleus and cytoplasmic granules.
Salmonella typhimurium PtsJ is a novel MocR-like transcriptional repressor involved in regulating the vitamin B<sub>6</sub> salvage pathway.
The CDG1 kinase mediates brassinosteroid signal transduction from BRI1 receptor kinase to BSU1 phosphatase and GSK3-like kinase BIN2.
Identification of a tight junction-associated guanine nucleotide exchange factor that activates Rho and regulates paracellular permeability.
Mutation of Nogo-B receptor, a subunit of cis-prenyltransferase, causes a congenital disorder of glycosylation.
Evolution of NIN-like proteins in Arabidopsis, rice, and Lotus japonicus.
C. elegans epidermal wounding induces a mitochondrial ROS burst that promotes wound repair.
Nucleotide sequences of three H-2K and three H-2D complementary DNA clones coding mouse class I MHC heavy chain proteins.
Lipid Peroxidation-Dependent Cell Death Regulated by GPx4 and Ferroptosis.
The rice endosperm ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase large subunit is essential for optimal catalysis and allosteric regulation of the heterotetrameric enzyme.
Identification of the Final Two Genes Functioning in Methanofuran Biosynthesis in Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
TAIL1: an isthmin-like gene, containing type 1 thrombospondin-repeat and AMOP domain, mapped to ARVD1 critical region.
Cloning of a lignostilbene-alpha,beta-dioxygenase isozyme gene from Pseudomonas paucimobilis TMY1009.
Copper is a Cofactor of the Formylglycine-Generating Enzyme.
The MTG proteins: chromatin repression players with a passion for networking.
Identification and characterization of a novel nuclear factor of activated T-cells-1 isoform expressed in mouse brain.
Molecular cloning and expression of the hyu genes from Microbacterium liquefaciens AJ 3912, responsible for the conversion of 5-substituted hydantoins to alpha-amino acids, in Escherichia coli.
Molecular cloning and biochemical characterization of L-N-carbamoylase from Sinorhizobium meliloti CECT4114.
Phytoene desaturase from Arabidopsis.
Involvement of ASIP/PAR-3 in the promotion of epithelial tight junction formation.
Complete inventory of ABC proteins in human pathogenic yeast, Candida albicans.
Neprilysin II: A putative novel metalloprotease and its isoforms in CNS and testis.
Adsorption of bacteriophage phi 29 to Bacillus subtilis through the neck appendages of the viral particle.
Identification of a Mycobacterium tuberculosis gene cluster encoding the biosynthetic enzymes for assembly of the virulence-conferring siderophore mycobactin.
In vitro activation of pro-phenol-oxidase by two kinds of pro-phenol-oxidase-activating factors isolated from hemolymph of coleopteran, Holotrichia diomphalia larvae.
cDNA sequence and differential mRNA regulation of two forms of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor in Schwann cells and rat skeletal muscle.
A novel murine PDGF-D splicing variant results in significant differences in peptide expression and function.
Adipose tissue NAPE-PLD controls fat mass development by altering the browning process and gut microbiota.
The FAR proteins of filarial nematodes: secretion, glycosylation and lipid binding characteristics.
Sequence analysis of an 81 kb contig from Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome III.
Genomic analysis of the chromosome 15q11-q13 Prader-Willi syndrome region and characterization of transcripts for GOLGA8E and WHCD1L1 from the proximal breakpoint region.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a plant homologue of the origin recognition complex 1 (ORC1).
Identification and functional characterization of a gene for the methanol : N,N'-dimethyl-4-nitrosoaniline oxidoreductase from Mycobacterium sp. strain JC1 (DSM 3803).
D-MEF2: a MADS box transcription factor expressed in differentiating mesoderm and muscle cell lineages during Drosophila embryogenesis.
Humans possess two mitochondrial ferredoxins, Fdx1 and Fdx2, with distinct roles in steroidogenesis, heme, and Fe/S cluster biosynthesis.
Apparent homomeric NR1 currents observed in Xenopus oocytes are caused by an endogenous NR2 subunit.
C1q/TNF-related protein-12 (CTRP12), a novel adipokine that improves insulin sensitivity and glycemic control in mouse models of obesity and diabetes.
Regulation of the intersubunit ammonia tunnel in Mycobacterium tuberculosis glutamine-dependent NAD+ synthetase.
Characterization of a new isoform of the NFAT (nuclear factor of activated T cells) gene family member NFATc.
Sequence similarities between a novel putative G protein-coupled receptor and Na+/Ca2+ exchangers define a cation binding domain.
Molecular cloning and characterization of P47, a novel boar sperm-associated zona pellucida-binding protein homologous to a family of mammalian secretory proteins.
Alternative splicing of human metabotropic glutamate receptor 3.
Implausibility of the vibrational theory of olfaction.
The Nogo-66 receptor homolog NgR2 is a sialic acid-dependent receptor selective for myelin-associated glycoprotein.
RanBPM, Muskelin, p48EMLP, p44CTLH, and the armadillo-repeat proteins ARMC8alpha and ARMC8beta are components of the CTLH complex.
Identification and characterization of two novel variants of the DUF1208 protein FAM92A1.
Vector-capping: a simple method for preparing a high-quality full-length cDNA library.
Characterisation of Streptomyces spheroides NovW and revision of its functional assignment to a dTDP-6-deoxy-D-xylo-4-hexulose 3-epimerase.
cDNA sequence analysis and expression of cardiotoxins from Taiwan Cobra.
CRP1 Protein: (dis)similarities between <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> and <i>Zea mays</i>.
Misexpression of a chloroplast aspartyl protease leads to severe growth defects and alters carbohydrate metabolism in Arabidopsis.
Polymorphisms at the G72/G30 gene locus, on 13q33, are associated with bipolar disorder in two independent pedigree series.
Fusion of TEL/ETV6 to a novel ACS2 in myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myelogenous leukemia with t(5;12)(q31;p13).
Fluoxetine and cocaine induce the epigenetic factors MeCP2 and MBD1 in adult rat brain.
A Mef2 gene that generates a muscle-specific isoform via alternative mRNA splicing.
Homology of the eyeless gene of Drosophila to the Small eye gene in mice and Aniridia in humans.
A general genetic approach in Escherichia coli for determining the mechanism(s) of action of tumoricidal agents: application to DMP 840, a tumoricidal agent.
A MAP kinase homolog, mpk-1, is involved in ras-mediated induction of vulval cell fates in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The peroxisomal targeting sequence type 1 receptor, Pex5p, and the peroxisomal import efficiency of alanine:glyoxylate aminotransferase.
The human N-formylpeptide receptor. Characterization of two cDNA isolates and evidence for a new subfamily of G-protein-coupled receptors.
Biosynthetic origin of conjugated double bonds: production of fatty acid components of high-value drying oils in transgenic soybean embryos.
A secreted tyrosine kinase acts in the extracellular environment.
Methylation of translation-associated proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: Identification of methylated lysines and their methyltransferases.
C. elegans MCM-4 is a general DNA replication and checkpoint component with an epidermis-specific requirement for growth and viability.
Dimorphecolic acid is synthesized by the coordinate activities of two divergent Delta12-oleic acid desaturases.
Molecular analysis of two cytochrome P450 monooxygenase genes required for paxilline biosynthesis in Penicillium paxilli, and effects of paxilline intermediates on mammalian maxi-K ion channels.
Tumor-specific exon creation of the HELLS/SMARCA6 gene in non-small cell lung cancer.
A genetic screen reveals Arabidopsis stomatal and/or apoplastic defenses against Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000.
Eos: a novel member of the Ikaros gene family expressed predominantly in the developing nervous system.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 lacking the Ig IIIb and transmembrane domains secreted from human squamous cell carcinoma DJM-1 binds to FGFs.
Isolation, characterization and cDNA sequencing of acrosin from turkey spermatozoa.
A bacterium that degrades and assimilates poly(ethylene terephthalate).
The sequence of an antibiotic resistance gene from an antibiotic-producing bacterium. Homologies with transposon genes.
Characterization of cDNAs encoding the murine A+U-rich RNA-binding protein AUF1.
Molecular cloning of a novel human acid phosphatase gene (ACPT) that is highly expressed in the testis.
Expression profile of amylolytic genes in Aspergillus nidulans.
Mepe, the gene encoding a tumor-secreted protein in oncogenic hypophosphatemic osteomalacia, is expressed in bone.
Isolation and characterization of a novel gene from the DiGeorge chromosomal region that encodes for a mediator subunit.
Identification of the IL-17 receptor related molecule IL-17RC as the receptor for IL-17F.
Structure of human N-acylphosphatidylethanolamine-hydrolyzing phospholipase D: regulation of fatty acid ethanolamide biosynthesis by bile acids.
Sequence of extracellular mouse protein BM-90/fibulin and its calcium-dependent binding to other basement-membrane ligands.
Snake venom toxins. The amino-acid sequences of three toxins (CM-8, CM-11 and CM-13a) from Naja haje annulifera (Egyptian cobra) venom.
A natural variant of NAL1, selected in high-yield rice breeding programs, pleiotropically increases photosynthesis rate.
The Enhancer of split complex of Drosophila melanogaster harbors three classes of Notch responsive genes.
Overexpression of a Streptomyces viridochromogenes gene (glnII) encoding a glutamine synthetase similar to those of eucaryotes confers resistance against the antibiotic phosphinothricyl-alanyl-alanine.
Molecular cloning, sequencing, and expression of the glutamine synthetase II (glnII) gene from the actinomycete root nodule symbiont Frankia sp. strain CpI1.
Transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulation of kappaB-controlled genes by pp60v-src.
Structure of a halophilic nucleoside diphosphate kinase from Halobacterium salinarum.
A gene amplified in a transformed mouse cell line undergoes complex transcriptional processing and encodes a nuclear protein.
A novel active pentapeptide from chicken brain identified by antibodies to FMRFamide.
Isolation of a novel paraquat-inducible (pqi) gene regulated by the soxRS locus in Escherichia coli.
Production and purification of the penicillin-binding protein 3 from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Xio is a component of the <i>Drosophila</i> sex determination pathway and RNA <i>N</i><sup>6</sup>-methyladenosine methyltransferase complex.
Biochemical characterization and sequence analysis of the gluconate:NADP 5-oxidoreductase gene from Gluconobacter oxydans.
Differential expression of the mouse D2 dopamine receptor isoforms.
Nopp140 shuttles on tracks between nucleolus and cytoplasm.
Tip cell-specific requirement for an atypical Gpr124- and Reck-dependent Wnt/β-catenin pathway during brain angiogenesis.
Characterization of two glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase isoenzymes from the pentalenolactone producer Streptomyces arenae.
Cloning of human neuronatin gene and its localization to chromosome-20q 11.2-12: the deduced protein is a novel "proteolipid'.
Regulation of two-pore-domain (K2P) potassium leak channels by the tyrosine kinase inhibitor genistein.
Molecular characterization of abLIM, a novel actin-binding and double zinc finger protein.
Isolation and characterization of Tn5-induced mutants of Pseudomonas paucimobilis UT26 defective in gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane dehydrochlorinase (LinA).
xGCNF, a nuclear orphan receptor is expressed during neurulation in Xenopus laevis.
Identification of a novel vertebrate circadian clock-regulated gene encoding the protein nocturnin.
The gcm-motif: a novel DNA-binding motif conserved in Drosophila and mammals.
NECABs: a family of neuronal Ca(2+)-binding proteins with an unusual domain structure and a restricted expression pattern.
Structure and expression of human IgG FcRII(CD32). Functional heterogeneity is encoded by the alternatively spliced products of multiple genes.
lingerer, a Drosophila gene involved in initiation and termination of copulation, encodes a set of novel cytoplasmic proteins.
Crystal structures of archaeal 2-oxoacid:ferredoxin oxidoreductases from Sulfolobus tokodaii.
An Organelle RNA Recognition Motif Protein Is Required for Photosystem II Subunit <i>psbF</i> Transcript Editing.
Cloning and functional characterization of the Arabidopsis N-acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase responsible for melatonin synthesis.
M-type K+ current inhibition by a toxin fron the scorpion Buthus eupeus.
Selenoprotein Gene Nomenclature.
Preliminary characterization of two atypical soluble guanylyl cyclases in the central and peripheral nervous system of Drosophila melanogaster.
Purification and partial characterization of the hydroxylase component of the methanesulfonic acid mono-oxygenase from methylosulfonomonas methylovora strain M2.
Retina-specific nuclear receptor: A potential regulator of cellular retinaldehyde-binding protein expressed in retinal pigment epithelium and Müller glial cells.
Isolation and characterization of a 30 kDa protein with antifungal activity from leaves of Engelmannia pinnatifida.
Sequence and analysis of chromosome 1 of the plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular cloning, expression and physical mapping of the human methionine synthase reductase gene.
Cloning and expression of cDNA for a human enzyme that hydrolyzes 8-oxo-dGTP, a mutagenic substrate for DNA synthesis.
Ruminococcin A, a new lantibiotic produced by a Ruminococcus gnavus strain isolated from human feces.
Mafs, Prox1, and Pax6 can regulate chicken betaB1-crystallin gene expression.
Myelin-associated oligodendrocytic basic protein mRNAs reside at different subcellular locations.
RLK7, a leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase, is required for proper germination speed and tolerance to oxidative stress in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The encoded primary sequence of a rice seed ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase subunit and its homology to the bacterial enzyme.
Sequestration of a highly reactive intermediate in an evolving pathway for degradation of pentachlorophenol.
Identification of a new eph-related receptor tyrosine kinase gene from mouse and chicken that is developmentally regulated and encodes at least two forms of the receptor.
C. elegans PAT-4/ILK functions as an adaptor protein within integrin adhesion complexes.
A new toxin from the sea anemone Condylactis gigantea with effect on sodium channel inactivation.
Peptidoglycan synthetic enzyme activities of highly purified penicillin-binding protein 3 in Escherichia coli: a septum-forming reaction sequence.
Identification of two mammalian reductases involved in the two-carbon fatty acyl elongation cascade.
Cloning, partial purification and in vivo developmental profile of expression of the juvenile hormone epoxide hydrolase of Ctenocephalides felis.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis PE proteins Rv0285 and Rv1386 modulate innate immunity and mediate bacillary survival in macrophages.
Cloning of murine low molecular weight phosphotyrosine protein phosphatase cDNA: identification of a new isoform.
Fe-superoxide dismutase and 2-hydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone reductase preclude the auto-oxidation step in 4-aminophenol metabolism by Burkholderia sp. strain AK-5.
IscS is a sulfurtransferase for the in vitro biosynthesis of 4-thiouridine in Escherichia coli tRNA.
Peptidomics of the agriculturally damaging larval stage of the cabbage root fly Delia radicum (Diptera: Anthomyiidae).
New features of the cell wall of the radio-resistant bacterium Deinococcus radiodurans.
Characterization of densin-180, a new brain-specific synaptic protein of the O-sialoglycoprotein family.
Whole-Exome Sequencing Identifies a Novel Mutation of Desmocollin 2 in a Chinese Family With Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy.
The role of a Williams-Beuren syndrome-associated helix-loop-helix domain-containing transcription factor in activin/nodal signaling.
Evaluating the microtubule cytoskeleton and its interacting proteins in monocots by mining the rice genome.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of a human intestinal lactoferrin receptor.
Immunoglobulin genes of the kappa light chain type from two human lymphoid cell lines are closely related.
Coexistence of two different O demethylation systems in lignin metabolism by Sphingomonas paucimobilis SYK-6: cloning and sequencing of the lignin biphenyl-specific O-demethylase (LigX) gene.
A family of human CCAAT-box-binding proteins active in transcription and DNA replication: cloning and expression of multiple cDNAs.
Novel proteins interacting with the leucine-rich repeat domain of human flightless-I identified by the yeast two-hybrid system.
Isolation and chromosomal assignment of human genes encoding cofactor of LIM homeodomain proteins, CLIM1 and CLIM2.
Identification and characterization of a Bowman-Birk inhibitor active towards trypsin but not chymotrypsin in Lupinus albus seeds.
Fine expression profiling of full-length transcripts using a size-unbiased cDNA library prepared with the vector-capping method.
Identification of a human homolog of the Drosophila rotated abdomen gene (POMT1) encoding a putative protein O-mannosyl-transferase, and assignment to human chromosome 9q34.1.
Amino acid sequence and tertiary structure of Cratylia mollis seed lectin.
A Genome-wide CRISPR Death Screen Identifies Genes Essential for Oxidative Phosphorylation.
New insights into ergot alkaloid biosynthesis in Claviceps purpurea: an agroclavine synthase EasG catalyses, via a non-enzymatic adduct with reduced glutathione, the conversion of chanoclavine-I aldehyde to agroclavine.
A single gene codes for two forms of rat nucleolar protein B23 mRNA.
Identification of the PDI-family member ERp90 as an interaction partner of ERFAD.
[Identification of a novel human MAST4 gene, a new member of the microtubule associated serine-threonine kinase family].
Two genes that map to the STSL locus cause sitosterolemia: genomic structure and spectrum of mutations involving sterolin-1 and sterolin-2, encoded by ABCG5 and ABCG8, respectively.
Identification of genes expressed in response to light stress in leaves of Arabidopsis thaliana using RNA differential display.
Archipelago regulates Cyclin E levels in Drosophila and is mutated in human cancer cell lines.
Characterization of a Drosophila homologue of the human myelodysplasia/myeloid leukemia factor (MLF).
Human F-box protein hCdc4 targets cyclin E for proteolysis and is mutated in a breast cancer cell line.
Neuronal cell expression of inserted isoforms of vertebrate nonmuscle myosin heavy chain II-B.
Molecular organization of the cullin E3 ligase adaptor KCTD11.
Rat peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and brown adipose tissue function during cold acclimatization.
Characterization of the extra-large G protein alpha-subunit XLalphas. II. Signal transduction properties.
Targeted expression of a human pituitary tumor-derived isoform of FGF receptor-4 recapitulates pituitary tumorigenesis.
An Arabidopsis cab gene homologous to Cab-8 of tomato.
Novel cartilage-specific splice variants of fibronectin.
Cloning, purification, and crystallization of Escherichia coli cystathionine beta-lyase.
Ammonium transport in Escherichia coli: localization and nucleotide sequence of the amtA gene.
Acetyl-CoA carboxylase mRNA species with or without inhibitory coding sequence for Ser-1200 phosphorylation.
Cloning of cDNA for the gamma-subunit of mammalian translation initiation factor 2B, the guanine nucleotide-exchange factor for eukaryotic initiation factor 2.
The Spemann organizer-expressed zinc finger gene Xegr-1 responds to the MAP kinase/Ets-SRF signal transduction pathway.
TRIM-mediated precision autophagy targets  cytoplasmic regulators of innate immunity.
The Arthroderma benhamiae hydrophobin HypA mediates hydrophobicity and influences recognition by human immune effector cells.
Identification of a novel smooth muscle myosin heavy chain cDNA: isoform diversity in the S1 head region.
Sialic acid-binding motif of Maackia amurensis lectins.
The murine glutamine:fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase-encoding cDNA sequence.
The late elongated hypocotyl mutation of Arabidopsis disrupts circadian rhythms and the photoperiodic control of flowering.
Prophenoloxidase-activating enzyme of the silkworm, Bombyx mori. Purification, characterization, and cDNA cloning.
The role of Arabidopsis thaliana NAR1, a cytosolic iron-sulfur cluster assembly component, in gametophytic gene expression and oxidative stress responses in vegetative tissue.
Isolation and characterization of RAD51C, a new human member of the RAD51 family of related genes.
Genomic structure, gene expression, and promoter analysis of human multidrug resistance-associated protein 7.
An Arabidopsis thaliana protein interacts with a movement protein of Turnip crinkle virus in yeast cells and in vitro.
Comprehensive structural and substrate specificity classification of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae methyltransferome.
Genes for directing vacuolar morphogenesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. I. Isolation and characterization of two classes of vam mutants.
Characterization of D-tagatose-3-epimerase from Rhodobacter sphaeroides that converts D-fructose into D-psicose.
Ubiquitously expressed hematological and neurological expressed 1 downregulates Akt-mediated GSK3β signaling, and its knockdown results in deregulated G2/M transition in prostate cells.
The ltk gene encodes a novel receptor-type protein tyrosine kinase.
A novel androgen-regulated gene, PMEPA1, located on chromosome 20q13 exhibits high level expression in prostate.
Expression and novel subunit isoforms of glutamate receptor genes GluR5 and GluR6.
Cloning and expression of a new HOXC6 transcript encoding a repressing protein.
Arabidopsis relatives of the human lysine-specific Demethylase1 repress the expression of FWA and FLOWERING LOCUS C and thus promote the floral transition.
Isolation and structural analysis of the phospho-beta-galactosidase gene from Streptococcus lactis Z268.
Characterization of a human homologue of the murine peripheral lymph node homing receptor.
Molecular characterization of AfuFleA, an L-fucose-specific lectin from Aspergillus fumigatus.
A new class of scorpion toxin binding sites related to an A-type K+ channel: pharmacological characterization and localization in rat brain.
Cloning and nucleotide sequence of human gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase.
A complex ergovaline gene cluster in epichloe endophytes of grasses.
Molecular cloning of a cDNA coding for neurofibromatosis type 1 protein isoform lacking the domain related to ras GTPase-activating protein.
Primary structure and functional expression of the AMPA/kainate receptor subunit 2 from human brain.
Human inactive X chromosome is compacted through a PRC2-independent SMCHD1-HBiX1 pathway.
Discovery of the Elusive UDP-Diacylglucosamine Hydrolase in the Lipid A Biosynthetic Pathway in Chlamydia trachomatis.
Sequence and expression of a novel member (LTBP-4) of the family of latent transforming growth factor-beta binding proteins.
Immunoglobulin and T Cell Receptor Genes: IMGT(®) and the Birth and Rise of Immunoinformatics.
Sequence of the lktB gene from Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Lactate racemization as a rescue pathway for supplying D-lactate to the cell wall biosynthesis machinery in Lactobacillus plantarum.
Differential splicing of KLK5 and KLK7 in epithelial ovarian cancer produces novel variants with potential as cancer biomarkers.
Corynebacterium glutamicum is equipped with four secondary carriers for compatible solutes: identification, sequencing, and characterization of the proline/ectoine uptake system, ProP, and the ectoine/proline/glycine betaine carrier, EctP.
Expression of multiple isoforms of the cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PK-A) catalytic subunit in the nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular and enzymatic characterizations of novel bifunctional 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases/C-4 decarboxylases from Arabidopsis thaliana.
A novel protein with RNA-binding motifs interacts with ataxin-2.
Thiobacillus ferrooxidans mer operon: sequence analysis of the promoter and adjacent genes.
Genes involved in the synthesis of the exopolysaccharide methanolan by the obligate methylotroph Methylobacillus sp strain 12S.
Crystal structure analysis reveals a novel forkhead-associated domain of ESAT-6 secretion system C protein in Staphylococcus aureus.
Molecular and functional analysis of human natural killer cell-associated neural cell adhesion molecule (N-CAM/CD56).
Hoefavidin: A dimeric bacterial avidin with a C-terminal binding tail.
Structure and function of a periplasmic nitrate reductase in Alcaligenes eutrophus H16.
Promoter characterization of the mouse melanin-concentrating hormone receptor 1.
Contribution of peroxisome-specific isoform of Lon protease in sorting PTS1 proteins to peroxisomes.
The gastrulation defective gene of Drosophila melanogaster is a member of the serine protease superfamily.
FadD3 is an acyl-CoA synthetase that initiates catabolism of cholesterol rings C and D in actinobacteria.
Detailed structural and biochemical characterization of the nexin-dynein regulatory complex.
Entner-Doudoroff pathway for sulfoquinovose degradation in Pseudomonas putida SQ1.
A Xenopus cysteine string protein with a cysteine residue in the J domain.
Sequence variants of chicken linker histone H1.a.
Evolution of conifer diterpene synthases: diterpene resin acid biosynthesis in lodgepole pine and jack pine involves monofunctional and bifunctional diterpene synthases.
Leiomodin-2 is an antagonist of tropomodulin-1 at the pointed end of the thin filaments in cardiac muscle.
LIGHT-INDUCED RICE1 Regulates Light-Dependent Attachment of LEAF-TYPE FERREDOXIN-NADP+ OXIDOREDUCTASE to the Thylakoid Membrane in Rice and Arabidopsis.
HLB1 Is a Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain-Containing Protein That Operates at the Intersection of the Exocytic and Endocytic Pathways at the TGN/EE in Arabidopsis.
The maize gene liguleless2 encodes a basic leucine zipper protein involved in the establishment of the leaf blade-sheath boundary.
Identification and characterisation of human dysferlin transcript variants: implications for dysferlin mutational screening and isoforms.
A novel lipid transfer protein from the dill Anethum graveolens L.: isolation, structure, heterologous expression, and functional characteristics.
A major segment of the neurofibromatosis type 1 gene: cDNA sequence, genomic structure, and point mutations.
Cloning and characterization of an Ito-like potassium channel from ferret ventricle.
Genomic organization and structure of the 3' region of human MUC3: alternative splicing predicts membrane-bound and soluble forms of the mucin.
Novel related cDNAs (C184L, C184M, and C184S) from developing mouse brain encoding two apparently unrelated proteins.
Characterization of a novel human HMBOX1 splicing variant lacking the homeodomain and with attenuated transcription repressor activity.
SEL-10 interacts with presenilin 1, facilitates its ubiquitination, and alters A-beta peptide production.
Endogenous retroviruses provide the primary polyadenylation signal for two new human genes (HHLA2 and HHLA3).
Structure and Function of the Mitochondrial Ribosome.
Electron transfer in the substrate-dependent suicide inactivation of lysine 5,6-aminomutase.
Cloning and expression of the carboxypeptidase gene from Aspergillus saitoi and determination of the catalytic residues by site-directed mutagenesis.
A novel mitogenic protein that is highly expressed in cells of the gastric antrum mucosa.
Negative regulation of glial engulfment activity by Draper terminates glial responses to axon injury.
A novel Rac1 GAP splice variant relays poly-Ub accumulation signals to mediate Rac1 inactivation.
Catalytic residues Lys197 and Arg199 of Bacillus subtilis phosphoribosyl diphosphate synthase. Alanine-scanning mutagenesis of the flexible catalytic loop.
A splice variant of human ephrin-A4 encodes a soluble molecule that is secreted by activated human B lymphocytes.
Heteroresistance to fosfomycin is predominant in Streptococcus pneumoniae and depends on the murA1 gene.
A membrane-bound NAC transcription factor, ANAC017, mediates mitochondrial retrograde signaling in Arabidopsis.
Two antimicrobial peptides from skin secretions of Rana grahami.
Characterization of distinct nuclear and mitochondrial forms of human deoxyuridine triphosphate nucleotidohydrolase.
A novel splice variant of GLI1 that promotes glioblastoma cell migration and invasion.
Ginkbilobin, a novel antifungal protein from Ginkgo biloba seeds with sequence similarity to embryo-abundant protein.
Kinetic studies of yeast nucleoside diphosphate kinase.
Targeted disruption of the osteoblast/osteocyte factor 45 gene (OF45) results in increased bone formation and bone mass.
Molecular mechanism of oxidative stress perception by the Orp1 protein.
Crystal structure of a purple acid phosphatase containing a dinuclear Fe(III)-Zn(II) active site.
Characterization of antimicrobial peptides isolated from the skin of the Chinese frog, Rana dybowskii.
Molecular, biochemical, and functional characterization of a Nudix hydrolase protein that stimulates the activity of a nicotinoprotein alcohol dehydrogenase.
Inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase7 regulates the production of reactive oxygen species and salt tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Identification of the dITP- and XTP-hydrolyzing protein from Escherichia coli.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. IX. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which can code for large proteins in vitro.
Isolation and characterization of cDNAs corresponding to an additional member of the human histone deacetylase gene family.
Molecular mechanism of ligand recognition by membrane transport protein, Mhp1.
Molecular cloning and overexpression of fleA gene encoding a fucose-specific lectin of Aspergillus oryzae.
FBXL2- and PTPL1-mediated degradation of p110-free p85β regulatory subunit controls the PI(3)K signalling cascade.
Rat porphobilinogen deaminase cDNA: nucleotide sequence of the erythropoietic form.
Discovery and characterization of the first archaeal dihydromethanopterin reductase, an iron-sulfur flavoprotein from Methanosarcina mazei.
Discovery, taxonomic distribution, and phenotypic characterization of a gene required for 3-methylhopanoid production.
Indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase and metabolic control of immune responses.
Characterization of a mammalian cDNA for an inactivating voltage-sensitive K+ channel.
An immunoglobulin-like receptor, Allergin-1, inhibits immunoglobulin E-mediated immediate hypersensitivity reactions.
p105, the NF-kappa B p50 precursor protein, is one of the cellular proteins complexed with the v-Rel oncoprotein in transformed chicken spleen cells.
Characterization of two promoters that regulate alternative transcripts in the microtubule-associated protein (MAP) 1A gene.
Comprehensive Protein Interactome Analysis of a Key RNA Helicase: Detection of Novel Stress Granule Proteins.
The refined crystal structure of alpha-cobratoxin from Naja naja siamensis at 2.4-A resolution.
Human and rat TR4 orphan receptors specify a subclass of the steroid receptor superfamily.
Identification of rat cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase 11A (PDE11A): comparison of rat and human PDE11A splicing variants.
Systematic genetic nomenclature for type VII secretion systems.
Rv3723/LucA coordinates fatty acid and cholesterol uptake in <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>.
A soybean cDNA encoding a chromatin-binding peptide inhibits mitosis of mammalian cells.
A new human MR splice variant is a ligand-independent transactivator modulating corticosteroid action.
Insight into the role of substrate-binding residues in conferring substrate specificity for the multifunctional polysaccharide lyase Smlt1473.
Human adrenoleukodystrophy protein and related peroxisomal ABC transporters interact with the peroxisomal assembly protein PEX19p.
Zebra fish myc family and max genes: differential expression and oncogenic activity throughout vertebrate evolution.
Evidence for two additional isoforms of the endogenous protein kinase inhibitor of cAMP-dependent protein kinase in mouse.
The rice enhancer of zeste [E(z)] genes SDG711 and SDG718 are respectively involved in long day and short day signaling to mediate the accurate photoperiod control of flowering time.
Identification and characterization of two G protein-coupled receptors for neuropeptide FF.
Cloning and functional characterization of the Rhizopus oryzae high affinity iron permease (rFTR1) gene.
Frequent dysregulation of the c-maf proto-oncogene at 16q23 by translocation to an Ig locus in multiple myeloma.
Structures of trans-2-enoyl-CoA reductases from Clostridium acetobutylicum and Treponema denticola: insights into the substrate specificity and the catalytic mechanism.
NKR-P1dim/TCR alpha beta + T cells and natural killer cells share expression of NKR-P1A and NKR-P1D.
Isolation, characterization, and amino acid sequence of a polypeptide neurotoxin occurring in the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus.
The structure of Rv3717 reveals a novel amidase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Alternative splicing variants of dual specificity tyrosine phosphorylated and regulated kinase 1B exhibit distinct patterns of expression and functional properties.
Cloning and expression of a cDNA encoding human sterol carrier protein 2.
Splice site selection in the proteolipid protein (PLP) gene transcript and primary structure of the DM-20 protein of central nervous system myelin.
Homoserine O-acetyltransferase, involved in the Leptospira meyeri methionine biosynthetic pathway, is not feedback inhibited.
PR-Set7 is a nucleosome-specific methyltransferase that modifies lysine 20 of histone H4 and is associated with silent chromatin.
Isolation and characterization of the heat-responsive genes in Escherichia coli.
The fission yeast Map4 protein is a novel adhesin required for mating.
cDNA cloning of the human tumor motility-stimulating protein, autotaxin, reveals a homology with phosphodiesterases.
Purification and characterization of a novel fibrinolytic enzyme from the polychaete, Neanthes japonica (Iznka).
Expression and characterization of splice variants of PYK2, a focal adhesion kinase-related protein.
Noxiustoxin 2, a novel K+ channel blocking peptide from the venom of the scorpion Centruroides noxius Hoffmann.
Functional Investigation of Iron-Responsive Microsomal Proteins, including MirC, in <i>Aspergillus fumigatus</i>.
Rapid determination and NMR assignments of antiparallel sheets and helices of a scorpion and a cobra toxin.
Two membrane proteins located in the Nag regulon of Candida albicans confer multidrug resistance.
Solution structure and functional characterization of jingzhaotoxin-XI: a novel gating modifier of both potassium and sodium channels.
Novel structural class of four disulfide-bridged peptides from Tityus serrulatus venom.
Isolation and functional characterization of a novel organic solute carrier protein, hOSCP1.
Identification and characterization of two new human mu opioid receptor splice variants, hMOR-1O and hMOR-1X.
Alternative splice variants encoding unstable protein domains exist in the human brain.
Molecular cloning of a functional allatostatin gut/brain receptor and an allatostatin preprohormone from the silkworm Bombyx mori.
Isolation and characterization of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe rhp9 gene: a gene required for the DNA damage checkpoint but not the replication checkpoint.
Verification of the role of MlrC in microcystin biodegradation by studies using a heterologously expressed enzyme.
Phylogenetic and expression analysis of the glutamate-receptor-like gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The cDNA cloning and characterization of inositol polyphosphate 4-phosphatase type II. Evidence for conserved alternative splicing in the 4-phosphatase family.
Salmonids have an extraordinary complex type I IFN system: characterization of the IFN locus in rainbow trout oncorhynchus mykiss reveals two novel IFN subgroups.
Purification and characterization of the first archaeal glutamate decarboxylase from Pyrococcus horikoshii.
AAA-ATPase NVL2 acts on MTR4-exosome complex to dissociate the nucleolar protein WDR74.
l7Rn6 encodes a novel protein required for clara cell function in mouse lung development.
Functional characterization of a veA-dependent polyketide synthase gene in Aspergillus flavus necessary for the synthesis of asparasone, a sclerotium-specific pigment.
The cDNAs encoding two forms of the LYN protein tyrosine kinase are expressed in rat mast cells and human myeloid cells.
The heterologous expression in Arabidopsis of a chrysanthemum Cys2/His2 zinc finger protein gene confers salinity and drought tolerance.
Functional analysis of the group 4 late embryogenesis abundant proteins reveals their relevance in the adaptive response during water deficit in Arabidopsis.
Suppression of slow delayed rectifier current by a truncated isoform of KvLQT1 cloned from normal human heart.
Gene analysis, expression, and characterization of an intracellular α-amylase from the extremely halophilic archaeon Haloarcula japonica.
A novel leptin receptor isoform in rat.
Targeting tuberculosis and malaria through inhibition of Enoyl reductase: compound activity and structural data.
Arabidopsis FAD2 gene encodes the enzyme that is essential for polyunsaturated lipid synthesis.
Cloning two genes for nicotianamine aminotransferase, a critical enzyme in iron acquisition (Strategy II) in graminaceous plants.
Cloning and functional studies of a novel gene aberrantly expressed in RB-deficient embryos.
A novel germ cell protein, SPIF (sperm PKA interacting factor), is essential for the formation of a PKA/TCP11 complex that undergoes conformational and phosphorylation changes upon capacitation.
Selective expression of an erythroid-specific isoform of protein 4.1.
A flavonol O-methyltransferase from Catharanthus roseus performing two sequential methylations.
The eyes absent gene: genetic control of cell survival and differentiation in the developing Drosophila eye.
MafB, a new Maf family transcription activator that can associate with Maf and Fos but not with Jun.
Structure and function of hainantoxin-III, a selective antagonist of neuronal tetrodotoxin-sensitive voltage-gated sodium channels isolated from the Chinese bird spider Ornithoctonus hainana.
The in vivo function of phage phi29 nucleoid-associated protein p6 requires formation of dimers.
The conserved plant sterility gene HAP2 functions after attachment of fusogenic membranes in Chlamydomonas and Plasmodium gametes.
Poly-L-glutamate/glutamine synthesis in the cell wall of Mycobacterium bovis is regulated in response to nitrogen availability.
ABA regulates apoplastic sugar transport and is a potential signal for cold-induced pollen sterility in rice.
A proteomic analysis of plant programmed cell death.
Molecular cloning of complementary DNAs encoding the heavy chain of the human 4F2 cell-surface antigen: a type II membrane glycoprotein involved in normal and neoplastic cell growth.
INTERMEDIATE CLEAVAGE PEPTIDASE55 Modifies Enzyme Amino Termini and Alters Protein Stability in Arabidopsis Mitochondria.
Identification of the biosynthetic gene clusters for the lipopeptides fusaristatin A and W493 B in Fusarium graminearum and F. pseudograminearum.
Purification, properties, and kinetic studies of cytoplasmic malate dehydrogenase from Taenia solium cysticerci.
Npa1p, a component of very early pre-60S ribosomal particles, associates with a subset of small nucleolar RNPs required for peptidyl transferase center modification.
Identification and functional characterization of an alternative splice variant within the fourth exon of human nanog.
NatF contributes to an evolutionary shift in protein N-terminal acetylation and is important for normal chromosome segregation.
Arabidopsis exocyst subcomplex containing subunit EXO70B1 is involved in autophagy-related transport to the vacuole.
EstB-mediated hydrolysis of the siderophore triacetylfusarinine C optimizes iron uptake of Aspergillus fumigatus.
The 90- and 110-kDa human NFAR proteins are translated from two differentially spliced mRNAs encoded on chromosome 19p13.
An alternative, nonkinase product of the brain-specifically expressed Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent kinase II alpha isoform gene in skeletal muscle.
A new splice variant of the major subunit of human asialoglycoprotein receptor encodes a secreted form in hepatocytes.
Structural organization of a gene encoding a novel calmodulin-binding kinesin-like protein from Arabidopsis.
An extracellular siderophore is required to maintain the mutualistic interaction of Epichloë festucae with Lolium perenne.
Cloning and tissue distribution of three murine alpha/beta hydrolase fold protein cDNAs.
A subgroup of SGS3-like proteins act redundantly in RNA-directed DNA methylation.
Proteomic Analysis of the Mammalian Katanin Family of Microtubule-severing Enzymes Defines Katanin p80 subunit B-like 1 (KATNBL1) as a Regulator of Mammalian Katanin Microtubule-severing.
Characterization of MR-1, a novel myofibrillogenesis regulator in human muscle.
NAC transcription factor speedy hyponastic growth regulates flooding-induced leaf movement in Arabidopsis.
In vivo interaction between the polyprenol phosphate mannose synthase Ppm1 and the integral membrane protein Ppm2 from Mycobacterium smegmatis revealed by a bacterial two-hybrid system.
Isolation and functional analysis of human HMBOX1, a homeobox containing protein with transcriptional repressor activity.
A membrane receptor for retinol binding protein mediates cellular uptake of vitamin A.
Ornithine cyclodeaminase from octopine Ti plasmid Ach5: identification, DNA sequence, enzyme properties, and comparison with gene and enzyme from nopaline Ti plasmid C58.
The novel plant protein INAPERTURATE POLLEN1 marks distinct cellular domains and controls formation of apertures in the Arabidopsis pollen exine.
Catalytic properties and stability of a Pseudomonas sp.101 formate dehydrogenase mutants containing Cys-255-Ser and Cys-255-Met replacements.
Genomic organization and transcript analysis of ICAp69, a target antigen in diabetic autoimmunity.
A phosphodiesterase 2A isoform localized to mitochondria regulates respiration.
Kirrel2, a novel immunoglobulin superfamily gene expressed primarily in beta cells of the pancreatic islets.
Identification and characterization of PDE4A11, a novel, widely expressed long isoform encoded by the human PDE4A cAMP phosphodiesterase gene.
Identification of a protein complex that is required for nuclear protein import and mediates docking of import substrate to distinct nucleoporins.
A novel form of human neuropsin, a brain-related serine protease, is generated by alternative splicing and is expressed preferentially in human adult brain.
De novo pyrimidine nucleotide synthesis mainly occurs outside of plastids, but a previously undiscovered nucleobase importer provides substrates for the essential salvage pathway in Arabidopsis.
Human testis specific protein: a new member of aldo-keto reductase superfamily.
The hybrid-cluster protein ('prismane protein') from Escherichia coli. Characterization of the hybrid-cluster protein, redox properties of the [2Fe-2S] and [4Fe-2S-2O] clusters and identification of an associated NADH oxidoreductase containing FAD and [2Fe-2S].
Analysis of the hydA locus of Escherichia coli: two genes (hydN and hypF) involved in formate and hydrogen metabolism.
Purification, cloning and functional differences of a third fructan 1-exohydrolase (1-FEHw3) from wheat (Triticum aestivum).
Identification of regulated genes during permanent focal cerebral ischaemia: characterization of the protein kinase 9b5/MARKL1/MARK4.
Overexpression of a BAHD acyltransferase, OsAt10, alters rice cell wall hydroxycinnamic acid content and saccharification.
Similarity of the C. elegans developmental timing protein LIN-42 to circadian rhythm proteins.
Molecular cloning, expression, and sequence analysis of GPRC6A, a novel family C G-protein-coupled receptor.
Purification and properties of dinitrogenase reductase ADP-ribosyltransferase from the photosynthetic bacterium Rhodospirillum rubrum.
Host-defense and trefoil factor family peptides in skin secretions of the Mawa clawed frog Xenopus boumbaensis (Pipidae).
Cloning of a novel glutamate receptor subunit, GluR5: expression in the nervous system during development.
The rice gene DEFECTIVE TAPETUM AND MEIOCYTES 1 (DTM1) is required for early tapetum development and meiosis.
Purification and characterization of two isoenzymes of DL-glycerol-3-phosphatase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Identification of the corresponding GPP1 and GPP2 genes and evidence for osmotic regulation of Gpp2p expression by the osmosensing mitogen-activated protein kinase signal transduction pathway.
A Distinct Functional Site in Ω-Neurotoxins: Novel Antagonists of Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptors from Snake Venom.
Hrp12, a novel heat-responsive, tissue-specific, phosphorylated protein isolated from mouse liver.
Structure of the adenylylation domain of E. coli glutamine synthetase adenylyl transferase: evidence for gene duplication and evolution of a new active site.
Isolation of two novel genes, DSCR5 and DSCR6, from Down syndrome critical region on human chromosome 21q22.2.
The ZmCLA4 gene in the qLA4-1 QTL controls leaf angle in maize (Zea mays L.).
Comprehensive functional analysis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis toxin-antitoxin systems: implications for pathogenesis, stress responses, and evolution.
KINKY POLLEN encodes a SABRE-like protein required for tip growth in Arabidopsis and conserved among eukaryotes.
Identification and characterization of FTSJ2, a novel human nucleolar protein homologous to bacterial ribosomal RNA methyltransferase.
Crystal structure of a binary complex between human GCN5 histone acetyltransferase domain and acetyl coenzyme A.
Cloning, expression and chromosomal localization of human Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase.
Multiple transcription initiation sites, alternative splicing, and differential polyadenylation contribute to the complexity of human neurofibromatosis 2 transcripts.
Expression of a Prrxl1 alternative splice variant during the development of the mouse nociceptive system.
Ice-binding site of snow mold fungus antifreeze protein deviates from structural regularity and high conservation.
An eIF4E-binding protein regulates katanin protein levels in C. elegans embryos.
A 12-cistron Escherichia coli operon (hyf) encoding a putative proton-translocating formate hydrogenlyase system.
Novel DNA ligase with broad nucleotide cofactor specificity from the hyperthermophilic crenarchaeon Sulfophobococcus zilligii: influence of ancestral DNA ligase on cofactor utilization.
The ATP-binding cassette transporters: structure, function, and gene family comparison between rice and Arabidopsis.
LAZY1 controls rice shoot gravitropism through regulating polar auxin transport.
The role of individual Nedd4-2 (KIAA0439) WW domains in binding and regulating epithelial sodium channels.
Identification of the human klotho gene and its two transcripts encoding membrane and secreted klotho protein.
Genetic analysis of osmotic and cold stress signal transduction in Arabidopsis: interactions and convergence of abscisic acid-dependent and abscisic acid-independent pathways.
AtOSA1, a member of the Abc1-like family, as a new factor in cadmium and oxidative stress response.
Molecular cloning of a cDNA encoding a novel human leukocyte alpha-1,3-fucosyltransferase capable of synthesizing the sialyl Lewis x determinant.
Molecular chaperone-mediated rescue of mitophagy by a Parkin RING1 domain mutant.
Human Mpv17-like protein is localized in peroxisomes and regulates expression of antioxidant enzymes.
NEPH1 defines a novel family of podocin interacting proteins.
Human serine/threonine protein kinase EMK1: genomic structure and cDNA cloning of isoforms produced by alternative splicing.
The human interferon alpha/beta receptor: characterization and molecular cloning.
Functional expression of human renal Na+/Ca2+ exchanger in insect cells.
Identification and characterization of RTVP1/GLIPR1-like genes, a novel p53 target gene cluster.
Dendrobium findleyanum agglutinin: production, localization, anti-fungal activity and gene characterization.
Novel mastoparan and protonectin analogs isolated from a solitary wasp, Orancistrocerus drewseni drewseni.
Protein sorting in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: isolation of mutants defective in the delivery and processing of multiple vacuolar hydrolases.
Generation of secretable and nonsecretable interleukin 15 isoforms through alternate usage of signal peptides.
Novel carbohydrate-binding module of beta-1,3-xylanase from a marine bacterium, Alcaligenes sp. strain XY-234.
glpX gene of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: heterologous expression, purification, and enzymatic characterization of the encoded fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase II.
Subunit association and DNA binding activity of the heterotrimeric transcription factor NF-Y is regulated by cellular redox.
Crystal structure of the periplasmic region of MacB, a noncanonic ABC transporter.
The enigmatic Escherichia coli fadE gene is yafH.
Contributions of both ATP-Binding Cassette Transporter and Cyp51A Proteins Are Essential for Azole Resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Sumoylation silences the plasma membrane leak K+ channel K2P1.
Multiple, distinct forms of bovine and human protein kinase C suggest diversity in cellular signaling pathways.
Dothistroma pini, a forest pathogen, contains homologs of aflatoxin biosynthetic pathway genes.
A novel splice variant of human gene NPL, mainly expressed in human liver, kidney and peripheral blood leukocyte.
Kap104p: a karyopherin involved in the nuclear transport of messenger RNA binding proteins.
Myostatin gene organization and nodavirus-influenced expression in orange-spotted grouper (Epinephelus coioides).
Enzymes of tyrosine catabolism in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Genome-wide analysis of basic/helix-loop-helix transcription factor family in rice and Arabidopsis.
Identification of an adaptor-associated kinase, AAK1, as a regulator of clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
Suppression of polyglutamine toxicity by a Drosophila homolog of myeloid leukemia factor 1.
Isolation and nucleotide sequence of mouse NCAM cDNA that codes for a Mr 79,000 polypeptide without a membrane-spanning region.
Identification of Nepro, a gene required for the maintenance of neocortex neural progenitor cells downstream of Notch.
Deafferentation-induced activation of NFAT (nuclear factor of activated T-cells) in cochlear nucleus neurons during a developmental critical period: a role for NFATc4-dependent apoptosis in the CNS.
A gene cluster encoding human epidermis-type lipoxygenases at chromosome 17p13.1: cloning, physical mapping, and expression.
Identification of a nuclear variant of MGEA5, a cytoplasmic hyaluronidase and a beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase.
Structural basis of N(6)-adenosine methylation by the METTL3-METTL14 complex.
The immediate early gene Ier2 promotes tumor cell motility and metastasis, and predicts poor survival of colorectal cancer patients.
The TGF-beta family member derrière is involved in regulation of the establishment of left-right asymmetry.
Promoter-selective activation domains in Oct-1 and Oct-2 direct differential activation of an snRNA and mRNA promoter.
Targeted disruption of an orthologue of DOMAINS REARRANGED METHYLASE 2, OsDRM2, impairs the growth of rice plants by abnormal DNA methylation.
Band 6 protein, a major constituent of desmosomes from stratified epithelia, is a novel member of the armadillo multigene family.
Expression profiling of MMA-1a and splice variant MMA-1b: new cancer/testis antigens identified in human melanoma.
A Golgi-associated PDZ domain protein modulates cystic fibrosis transmembrane regulator plasma membrane expression.
Isoform diversity of phosphorylase kinase alpha and beta subunits generated by alternative RNA splicing.
Molecular cloning and characterization of LR3, a novel LDL receptor family protein with mitogenic activity.
Characterization of a Porphyromonas gingivalis gene prtK that encodes a lysine-specific cysteine proteinase and three sequence-related adhesins.
Characterization of the CD200 receptor family in mice and humans and their interactions with CD200.
Purification and characterization of nitrobenzene nitroreductase from Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes JS45.
Molecular cloning of cDNA encoding the 110 kDa and 21 kDa regulatory subunits of smooth muscle protein phosphatase 1M.
Otoconin-90, the mammalian otoconial matrix protein, contains two domains of homology to secretory phospholipase A2.
Structure-Function Studies Link Class II Viral Fusogens with the Ancestral Gamete Fusion Protein HAP2.
Cloning and Characterization of Mouse Glial Cell Line-derived Neurotrophic Growth Factor (GDNF).
Functional analysis of eubacterial ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase and pimara-9(11),15-diene synthase with unique primary sequences.
The human homolog of the mouse common viral integration region, FLI1, maps to 11q23-q24.
The MIDASIN and NOTCHLESS genes are essential for female gametophyte development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Is HAP2-GCS1 an ancestral gamete fusogen?
Gene organization and chromosome location of the neural-specific RNA binding protein Elavl4.
Myosin XI-i links the nuclear membrane to the cytoskeleton to control nuclear movement and shape in Arabidopsis.
NACK is an integral component of the Notch transcriptional activation complex and is critical for development and tumorigenesis.
A Pre-mRNA-splicing factor is required for RNA-directed DNA methylation in Arabidopsis.
Acetylcholine receptor-aggregating activity of agrin isoforms and mapping of the active site.
Characterization of Kdap, a protein secreted by keratinocytes.
Isolation and characterization of mouse high-glycine/tyrosine proteins.
Galactosyl transferases in mycobacterial cell wall synthesis.
Linkage mapping, molecular cloning and functional analysis of soybean gene Fg3 encoding flavonol 3-O-glucoside/galactoside (1 → 2) glucosyltransferase.
AtECB1/MRL7, a thioredoxin-like fold protein with disulfide reductase activity, regulates chloroplast gene expression and chloroplast biogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Leu-8/TQ1 is the human equivalent of the Mel-14 lymph node homing receptor.
The amino acid sequence of ovocleidin 17, a major protein of the avian eggshell calcified layer.
Structure of Staphylococcus aureus EsxA suggests a contribution to virulence by action as a transport chaperone and/or adaptor protein.
Vasorelaxant activity of Canavalia grandiflora seed lectin: A structural analysis.
A glutathione-independent glyoxalase of the DJ-1 superfamily plays an important role in managing metabolically generated methylglyoxal in Candida albicans.
Secreted kinase phosphorylates extracellular proteins that regulate biomineralization.
A multicopper oxidase is required for copper resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Integration of wounding and osmotic stress signals determines the expression of the AtMYB102 transcription factor gene.
The RB and p53 pathways in cancer.
The one-component system ArnR: a membrane-bound activator of the crenarchaeal archaellum.
Differential activation of intracellular effector by two isoforms of human neurokinin-1 receptor.
Two novel members of the prolactin/growth hormone family are expressed in the mouse placenta.
ORE9, an F-box protein that regulates leaf senescence in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a novel heterodimeric outer membrane protein of Porphyromonas gingivalis by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis and peptide mass fingerprinting.
Disruption of quinoprotein ethanol dehydrogenase gene and adjacent genes in Pseudomonas putida HK5.
Characterization of the MHC class I-related MR1 locus in nonhuman primates.
An Src homology 3 domain-like fold protein forms a ferredoxin binding site for the chloroplast NADH dehydrogenase-like complex in Arabidopsis.
Structural basis of a nucleosome containing histone H2A.B/H2A.Bbd that transiently associates with reorganized chromatin.
Expression and functional analyses of a putative phenylcoumaran benzylic ether reductase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cytoplasmic N-terminal protein acetylation is required for efficient photosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
A component of the ARC/Mediator complex required for TGF beta/Nodal signalling.
A naturally occurring MTA1 variant sequesters oestrogen receptor-alpha in the cytoplasm.
Expression pattern and biochemical properties of zebrafish N-acetylglutamate synthase.
A novel glycan polymerase that synthesizes uncross-linked peptidoglycan in Escherichia coli.
Quinol oxidation by c-type cytochromes: structural characterization of the menaquinol binding site of NrfHA.
Characterization of the human ABCG1 gene: liver X receptor activates an internal promoter that produces a novel transcript encoding an alternative form of the protein.
RNA-seq reveals the pan-transcriptomic impact of attenuating the gliotoxin self-protection mechanism in Aspergillus fumigatus.
A MYB-domain protein EFM mediates flowering responses to environmental cues in Arabidopsis.
Mambin, a potent glycoprotein IIb-IIIa antagonist and platelet aggregation inhibitor structurally related to the short neurotoxins.
Cloning and characterization of the mouse interleukin enhancer binding factor 3 (Ilf3) homolog in a screen for RNA binding proteins.
cDNA cloning of monodehydroascorbate radical reductase from cucumber: a high degree of homology in terms of amino acid sequence between this enzyme and bacterial flavoenzymes.
Interaction specificity and coexpression of rice NPR1 homologs 1 and 3 (NH1 and NH3), TGA transcription factors and Negative Regulator of Resistance (NRR) proteins.
Two novel proteins that are linked to insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) receptors by the Grb10 adapter and modulate IGF-I signaling.
Characterization of Caenorhabditis elegans homologs of the Down syndrome candidate gene DYRK1A.
Endomucin is expressed in embryonic dorsal aorta and is able to inhibit cell adhesion.
Novel, soluble isoform of the herpes simplex virus (HSV) receptor nectin1 (or PRR1-HIgR-HveC) modulates positively and negatively susceptibility to HSV infection.
Molecular cloning and characterization of Arabidopsis thaliana Golgi alpha-mannosidase II, a key enzyme in the formation of complex N-glycans in plants.
Identification of a novel beta-N-acetylhexosaminidase (Pcb-NAHA1) from marine Zoanthid Palythoa caribaeorum (Cnidaria, Anthozoa, Zoanthidea).
Niemann-Pick C1 disease gene: homology to mediators of cholesterol homeostasis.
MUC3 human intestinal mucin. Analysis of gene structure, the carboxyl terminus, and a novel upstream repetitive region.
Genome-wide identification of fungal GPI proteins.
Postgerminative growth and lipid catabolism in oilseeds lacking the glyoxylate cycle.
A single amino acid change is responsible for evolution of acyltransferase specificity in bacterial methionine biosynthesis.
FIC1, a P-type ATPase linked to cholestatic liver disease, has homologues (ATP8B2 and ATP8B3) expressed throughout the body.
NDF6: a thylakoid protein specific to terrestrial plants is essential for activity of chloroplastic NAD(P)H dehydrogenase in Arabidopsis.
Identification and characterization of prokaryotic dipeptidyl-peptidase 5 from Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Differential palmitoylation of two mouse glutamate receptor interacting protein 1 forms with different N-terminal sequences.
Understanding the allosteric trigger for the fructose-1,6-bisphosphate regulation of the ADP-glucose pyrophosphorylase from Escherichia coli.
Characterization of cDNA clones selected by the GeneMark analysis from size-fractionated cDNA libraries from human brain.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XV. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Formaldehyde activating enzyme (Fae) and hexulose-6-phosphate synthase (Hps) in Methanosarcina barkeri: a possible function in ribose-5-phosphate biosynthesis.
Characterization and expression analysis during embryo development of the mouse ortholog of MLL3.
Aclacinomycin oxidoreductase (AknOx) from the biosynthetic pathway of the antibiotic aclacinomycin is an unusual flavoenzyme with a dual active site.
Analysis of histone acetyltransferase and histone deacetylase families of Arabidopsis thaliana suggests functional diversification of chromatin modification among multicellular eukaryotes.
Crystal structure of mammalian acid sphingomyelinase.
Gene identification and structural characterization of the pyridoxal 5'-phosphate degradative protein 3-hydroxy-2-methylpyridine-4,5-dicarboxylate decarboxylase from mesorhizobium loti MAFF303099.
Genomic organization of human GMEB-1 and rat GMEB-2: structural conservation of two multifunctional proteins.
Human myocyte-specific enhancer factor 2 comprises a group of tissue-restricted MADS box transcription factors.
The antibacterial arm of the drosophila innate immune response requires an IkappaB kinase.
Evidence that arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase 2 is a negative cell cycle regulator in normal prostate epithelial cells.
Protein crystal content analysis by mass spectrometry and preliminary X-ray diffraction of a lectin from Canavalia grandiflora seeds with modulatory role in inflammation.
Calmodulin Regulates Human Ether à Go-Go 1 (hEAG1) Potassium Channels through Interactions of the Eag Domain with the Cyclic Nucleotide Binding Homology Domain.
Dimeric α-cobratoxin X-ray structure: localization of intermolecular disulfides and possible mode of binding to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Yrb4p, a yeast ran-GTP-binding protein involved in import of ribosomal protein L25 into the nucleus.
Two zinc finger proteins, OMA-1 and OMA-2, are redundantly required for oocyte maturation in C. elegans.
A sensory neuron-specific, proton-gated ion channel.
Heme is a carbon monoxide receptor for large-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channels.
A CRISPR/Cas system mediates bacterial innate immune evasion and virulence.
Gene organization of human transporter associated with antigen processing-like (TAPL, ABCB9): analysis of alternative splicing variants and promoter activity.
The 25 degrees-36 degrees region of the Bacillus subtilis chromosome: determination of the sequence of a 146 kb segment and identification of 113 genes.
The complex becomes more complex: protein-protein interactions of SnRK1 with DUF581 family proteins provide a framework for cell- and stimulus type-specific SnRK1 signaling in plants.
cDNA cloning, functional expression, and mRNA tissue distribution of a third organellar Ca2+ pump.
Broad-spectrum mildew resistance in Arabidopsis thaliana mediated by RPW8.
Molecular cloning of a 74-kDa regulatory subunit (B" or delta) of human protein phosphatase 2A.
Independent evolution of the prochlorophyte and green plant chlorophyll a/b light-harvesting proteins.
Heterogeneous expression of KChIP2 isoforms in the ferret heart.
Full-length transcriptome analysis of human retina-derived cell lines ARPE-19 and Y79 using the vector-capping method.
Ligand-independent repression by the thyroid hormone receptor mediated by a nuclear receptor co-repressor.
Specialized insulin is used for chemical warfare by fish-hunting cone snails.
Expression pattern and functional characteristics of two novel splice variants of the two-pore-domain potassium channel TREK-2.
Drosophila Set1 is the major histone H3 lysine 4 trimethyltransferase with role in transcription.
The fumagillin biosynthetic gene cluster in Aspergillus fumigatus encodes a cryptic terpene cyclase involved in the formation of β-trans-bergamotene.
Comparative proteomic analysis of male and female venoms from the Cuban scorpion Rhopalurus junceus.
Oxygenic photosynthesis without galactolipids.
Molecular cloning and the COOH-terminal processing of gp64, a putative cell-cell adhesion protein of the cellular slime mold Polysphondylium pallidum.
The murI gene of Escherichia coli is an essential gene that encodes a glutamate racemase activity.
Panurgines, novel antimicrobial peptides from the venom of communal bee Panurgus calcaratus (Hymenoptera: Andrenidae).
The Greenland shark Somniosus microcephalus-Hemoglobins and ligand-binding properties.
Ppm1, a novel polyprenol monophosphomannose synthase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Expression of Fc alpha/mu receptor by human mesangial cells: a candidate receptor for immune complex deposition in IgA nephropathy.
A conserved metalloprotease mediates ecdysis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification of EphB6 variant-derived epitope peptides recognized by cytotoxic T-lymphocytes from HLA-A24+ malignant glioma patients.
Identification of an immunomodulating metalloprotease of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (IMPa).
OFIP/KIAA0753 forms a complex with OFD1 and FOR20 at pericentriolar satellites and centrosomes and is mutated in one individual with oral-facial-digital syndrome.
DNG1, a Dictyostelium homologue of tumor suppressor ING1 regulates differentiation of Dictyostelium cells.
Isolation and identification of a Paenibacillus polymyxa strain that coproduces a novel lantibiotic and polymyxin.
LAP2zeta binds BAF and suppresses LAP2beta-mediated transcriptional repression.
An Aspergillus flavus secondary metabolic gene cluster containing a hybrid PKS-NRPS is necessary for synthesis of the 2-pyridones, leporins.
Genome sequencing and analysis of the versatile cell factory Aspergillus niger CBS 513.88.
The leptospiral antigen Lp49 is a two-domain protein with putative protein binding function.
Function of genes encoding acyl-CoA synthetase and enoyl-CoA hydratase for host-selective act-toxin biosynthesis in the tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata.
Secreted Alpha-N-Arabinofuranosidase B Protein Is Required for the Full Virulence of Magnaporthe oryzae and Triggers Host Defences.
Novel spliced variants of ionotropic glutamate receptor GluR6 in normal human fibroblast and brain cells are transcribed by tissue specific promoters.
Carom: a novel membrane-associated guanylate kinase-interacting protein with two SH3 domains.
Isolation, partial sequencing, and expression of pathogenesis-related cDNA genes from pepper leaves infected by Xanthomonas campestris pv. vesicatoria.
Control of flowering time and cold response by a NAC-domain protein in Arabidopsis.
Characterization of malate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrobaculum islandicum.
Arabidopsis CBP1 Is a Novel Regulator of Transcription Initiation in Central Cell-Mediated Pollen Tube Guidance.
The microprotein Minion controls cell fusion and muscle formation.
Cloning and characterization of a monocot mannose-binding lectin from Crocus vernus (family Iridaceae).
The Drosophila TNF receptor Grindelwald couples loss of cell polarity and neoplastic growth.
LovG: the thioesterase required for dihydromonacolin L release and lovastatin nonaketide synthase turnover in lovastatin biosynthesis.
The GRK4 subfamily of G protein-coupled receptor kinases. Alternative splicing, gene organization, and sequence conservation.
Identification of the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces spheroides NCIB 11891.
Isolation of rat pgp3 cDNA: evidence for gender and zonal regulation of expression in the liver.
The J-domain proteins of Arabidopsis thaliana: an unexpectedly large and diverse family of chaperones.
The cDNA cloning of human placental ecto-ATP diphosphohydrolases I and II.
From PREDs and open reading frames to cDNA isolation: revisiting the human chromosome 21 transcription map.
The fat facets gene is required for Drosophila eye and embryo development.
Molecular cloning of a novel, putative G protein-coupled receptor from sea anemones structurally related to members of the FSH, TSH, LH/CG receptor family from mammals.
Diversity, developmental regulation and distribution of murine PR55/B subunits of protein phosphatase 2A.
Purification and characterization of a low molecular weight multifunctional cytotoxic phospholipase A2 from Russell's viper venom.
FAN1 acts with FANCI-FANCD2 to promote DNA interstrand cross-link repair.
Purification, characterization, and cDNA structure of isoamylase from developing endosperm of rice.
Cloning and sequence analysis of the gene (eprA1) encoding an extracellular protease from Aeromonas hydrophila.
de novo synthesis of a bacterial toxin/antitoxin system.
Dual functions of a small regulatory subunit in the mitochondrial calcium uniporter complex.
Nucleotide sequence of Xenopus laevis Oct-1 cDNA.
Purification and characterization of Thermotoga maritima homoserine transsuccinylase indicates it is a transacetylase.
Evolutionary conservation and diversification of Rh family genes and proteins.
Sesquin, a potent defensin-like antimicrobial peptide from ground beans with inhibitory activities toward tumor cells and HIV-1 reverse transcriptase.
Engineered and Native Coenzyme B12-dependent Isovaleryl-CoA/Pivalyl-CoA Mutase.
Desmosomal glycoproteins II and III. Cadherin-like junctional molecules generated by alternative splicing.
Crucial components of Mycobacterium type II fatty acid biosynthesis (Fas-II) and their inhibitors.
A novel lipopolysaccharide-induced transcription factor regulating tumor necrosis factor alpha gene expression: molecular cloning, sequencing, characterization, and chromosomal assignment.
Purification and characterization of a novel acid phosphatase from the split gill mushroom Schizophyllum commune.
Isolation of two novel metalloproteinase-disintegrin (ADAM) cDNAs that show testis-specific gene expression.
Crystal structure of a Fanconi anemia-associated nuclease homolog bound to 5' flap DNA: basis of interstrand cross-link repair by FAN1.
Production of novel fusarielins by ectopic activation of the polyketide synthase 9 cluster in Fusarium graminearum.
Genes for alkaline/neutral invertase in rice: alkaline/neutral invertases are located in plant mitochondria and also in plastids.
Structure, mapping, and expression of erp, a growth factor-inducible gene encoding a nontransmembrane protein tyrosine phosphatase, and effect of ERP on cell growth.
Alternative splicing in the regulatory region of the human phosphatases CDC25A and CDC25C.
Mammalian Srb/Mediator complex is targeted by adenovirus E1A protein.
Alternative splicing of the human CDC25B tyrosine phosphatase. Possible implications for growth control?
Atkinesin-13A modulates cell-wall synthesis and cell expansion in Arabidopsis thaliana via the THESEUS1 pathway.
Purification and characterization of a novel inhibitor of the proliferation of hepatic stellate cells.
The Potassium Binding Protein Kbp Is a Cytoplasmic Potassium Sensor.
The histone methyltransferase Dot1 is required for DNA damage repair and proper development in Dictyostelium.
Broad-substrate screen as a tool to identify substrates for bacterial Gcn5-related N-acetyltransferases with unknown substrate specificity.
The GATA family of transcription factors in Arabidopsis and rice.
Genome sequence of the nematode C. elegans: a platform for investigating biology.
The fallaxidin peptides from the skin secretion of the Eastern Dwarf Tree Frog Litoria fallax. Sequence determination by positive and negative ion electrospray mass spectrometry: antimicrobial activity and cDNA cloning of the fallaxidins.
Molecular cloning of Drosophila mus308, a gene involved in DNA cross-link repair with homology to prokaryotic DNA polymerase I genes.
Overexpression of the NDR1/HIN1-Like Gene NHL6 Modifies Seed Germination in Response to Abscisic Acid and Abiotic Stresses in Arabidopsis.
acs1 of Haemophilus influenzae type a capsulation locus region II encodes a bifunctional ribulose 5-phosphate reductase- CDP-ribitol pyrophosphorylase.
Cloning of novel splice variants of mouse mGluR1.
Evidence for alternative splicing of ecto-ATPase associated with termination of purinergic transmission.
Molecular cloning of gltS and gltP, which encode glutamate carriers of Escherichia coli B.
Developmental timing in C. elegans is regulated by kin-20 and tim-1, homologs of core circadian clock genes.
Inventory and functional characterization of the HAK potassium transporters of rice.
Binding of human virus oncoproteins to hDlg/SAP97, a mammalian homolog of the Drosophila discs large tumor suppressor protein.
Substitution of the gene for chloroplast RPS16 was assisted by generation of a dual targeting signal.
G protein-coupled receptors, an unexploited animal toxin targets: Exploration of green mamba venom for novel drug candidates active against adrenoceptors.
Sperm-binding fibronectin type II-module proteins are genetically linked and functionally related.
Species-specific splicing and expression of angiotensin converting enzyme.
Nautilin-63, a novel acidic glycoprotein from the shell nacre of Nautilus macromphalus.
Genome-wide analysis of LIM gene family in Populus trichocarpa, Arabidopsis thaliana, and Oryza sativa.
Homologous kappa-neurotoxins exhibit residue-specific interactions with the alpha 3 subunit of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor: a comparison of the structural requirements for kappa-bungarotoxin and kappa-flavitoxin binding.
Bacteriophage T4 endonuclease II, a promiscuous GIY-YIG nuclease, binds as a tetramer to two DNA substrates.
Nomenclature of the human immunoglobulin kappa (IGK) genes.
An importin alpha homolog, MOS6, plays an important role in plant innate immunity.
Identification of putative rhamnogalacturonan-II specific glycosyltransferases in Arabidopsis using a combination of bioinformatics approaches.
DNA sequence and muscle-specific expression of human sarcosin transcripts.
Structure and regulation of the mouse ing1 gene. Three alternative transcripts encode two phd finger proteins that have opposite effects on p53 function.
Nucleotide sequence of a complementary DNA for human ST2.
A melibiose transporter and an operon containing its gene in Enterobacter cloacae.
A novel NE-dlg/SAP102-associated protein, p51-nedasin, related to the amidohydrolase superfamily, interferes with the association between NE-dlg/SAP102 and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor.
MULTIPOLAR SPINDLE 1 (MPS1), a novel coiled-coil protein of Arabidopsis thaliana, is required for meiotic spindle organization.
The open reading frame of the Na(+)-dependent glutamate transporter GLAST-1 is expressed in bone and a splice variant of this molecule is expressed in bone and brain.
Functional characterization of a novel benzylisoquinoline O-methyltransferase suggests its involvement in papaverine biosynthesis in opium poppy (Papaver somniferum L).
Pentatricopeptide repeat proteins with the DYW motif have distinct molecular functions in RNA editing and RNA cleavage in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.
Function of cytochrome P450 enzymes MycCI and MycG in Micromonospora griseorubida, a producer of the macrolide antibiotic mycinamicin.
Global roles of Ste11p, cell type, and pheromone in the control of gene expression during early sexual differentiation in fission yeast.
Cloning and characterization of arylamine N-acetyltransferase genes from Mycobacterium smegmatis and Mycobacterium tuberculosis: increased expression results in isoniazid resistance.
Cloning provides evidence for a family of inward rectifier and G-protein coupled K+ channels in the brain.
Update on the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of a new mRNA species from the human histamine N-methyltransferase gene.
Dioxin induces a novel nuclear factor, DIF-3, that is implicated in spermatogenesis.
Camphor pathway redux: functional recombinant expression of 2,5- and 3,6-diketocamphane monooxygenases of Pseudomonas putida ATCC 17453 with their cognate flavin reductase catalyzing Baeyer-Villiger reactions.
Identification of a cellular ligand for the natural cytotoxicity receptor NKp44.
Hd6, a rice quantitative trait locus involved in photoperiod sensitivity, encodes the alpha subunit of protein kinase CK2.
Designation of enzyme activity of glycine-N-acyltransferase family genes and depression of glycine-N-acyltransferase in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
The structural basis for receptor recognition of human interleukin-18.
Widespread inosine-containing mRNA in lymphocytes regulated by ADAR1 in response to inflammation.
AtEXO70A1, a member of a family of putative exocyst subunits specifically expanded in land plants, is important for polar growth and plant development.
Molecular characterization of a novel intracellular hyaluronan-binding protein.
The genome sequence of the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
TWIK-2, an inactivating 2P domain K+ channel.
cDNA cloning of an alternative splicing variant of protein kinase C delta (PKC deltaIII), a new truncated form of PKCdelta, in rats.
The phosphoglucan phosphatase like sex Four2 dephosphorylates starch at the C3-position in Arabidopsis.
RIT2, a neuron-specific small guanosine triphosphatase, is expressed in retinal neuronal cells and its promoter is modulated by the POU4 transcription factors.
A Burkholderia cenocepacia MurJ (MviN) homolog is essential for cell wall peptidoglycan synthesis and bacterial viability.
Jack bean α-mannosidase: amino acid sequencing and N-glycosylation analysis of a valuable glycomics tool.
A homolog of human ski-interacting protein in rice positively regulates cell viability and stress tolerance.
The role of human MBF1 as a transcriptional coactivator.
The murine latent transforming growth factor-beta binding protein (Ltbp-1) is alternatively spliced, and maps to a region syntenic to human chromosome 2p21-22.
Molecular cloning of the mouse Ltbp-1 gene reveals tissue specific expression of alternatively spliced forms.
Inhalational anesthetics activate two-pore-domain background K+ channels.
Secretion and transcriptional regulation of the latex-clearing protein, Lcp, by the rubber-degrading bacterium Streptomyces sp. strain K30.
Yotiao, a novel protein of neuromuscular junction and brain that interacts with specific splice variants of NMDA receptor subunit NR1.
Sequences of liver cDNAs encoding two different mouse insulin-like growth factor I precursors.
A recombinant aspartyl protease of Coccidioides posadasii induces protection against pulmonary coccidioidomycosis in mice.
A unique modification of the eukaryotic initiation factor 5A shows the presence of the complete hypusine pathway in Leishmania donovani.
Analysis of the cat eye syndrome critical region in humans and the region of conserved synteny in mice: a search for candidate genes at or near the human chromosome 22 pericentromere.
SPACRCAN in the interphotoreceptor matrix of the mouse retina: molecular, developmental and promoter analysis.
Molecular cloning, expression, and characterization of a 49-kilodalton casein kinase I isoform from rat testis.
The orange carotenoid protein of Synechocystis PCC 6803.
The phytochrome A specific signaling component PAT3 is a positive regulator of Arabidopsis photomorphogenesis.
Fimbrial proteins of porphyromonas gingivalis mediate in vivo virulence and exploit TLR2 and complement receptor 3 to persist in macrophages.
Brucella abortus arginase and ornithine cyclodeaminase genes are similar to Ti plasmid arginase and ornithine cyclodeaminase.
NFX1-LIKE2 (NFXL2) suppresses abscisic acid accumulation and stomatal closure in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Gliolectin is a novel carbohydrate-binding protein expressed by a subset of glia in the embryonic Drosophila nervous system.
Differential splicing creates a diversity of transcripts from a neurospecific developmentally regulated gene encoding a protein with new zinc-finger motifs.
Identification and molecular modeling of a novel, plant-like, human purple acid phosphatase.
Diet1 functions in the FGF15/19 enterohepatic signaling axis to modulate bile acid and lipid levels.
Nucleotide sequence and transcriptional mapping of the yeast pet56-his3-ded1 gene region.
Expression of the endogenous type II secretion pathway in Escherichia coli leads to chitinase secretion.
MEPE evolution in mammals reveals regions and residues of prime functional importance.
Dormancy-associated gene expression in pea axillary buds. Cloning and expression of PsDRM1 and PsDRM2.
Differential extraction and protein sequencing reveals major differences in patterns of primary cell wall proteins from plants.
OsEIN2 is a positive component in ethylene signaling in rice.
Characterization of a Bifidobacterium longum BORI dipeptidase belonging to the U34 family.
Methylcitrate cycle activation during adaptation of Fusarium solani and Fusarium verticillioides to propionyl-CoA-generating carbon sources.
Methanol metabolism in thermotolerant methylotrophic Bacillus strains involving a novel catabolic NAD-dependent methanol dehydrogenase as a key enzyme.
Pathways for phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis in bacteria.
Very long chain and long chain acyl-CoA thioesterases in rat liver mitochondria. Identification, purification, characterization, and induction by peroxisome proliferators.
Thermostable mannose-binding lectin from Dendrobium findleyanum with activities dependent on sulfhydryl content.
A new splice variant of glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP epsilon, interacts with the presenilin proteins.
Nucleotide sequence of rat adipose hormone sensitive lipase cDNA.
A primordial and reversible TCA cycle in a facultatively chemolithoautotrophic thermophile.
The microcephaly ASPM gene is expressed in proliferating tissues and encodes for a mitotic spindle protein.
Nucleotide sequencing of phenylalanine dehydrogenase gene from Bacillus badius IAM 11059.
The auxin-regulated AP2/EREBP gene PUCHI is required for morphogenesis in the early lateral root primordium of Arabidopsis.
PARP-2, A novel mammalian DNA damage-dependent poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. I. The coding sequences of 40 new genes (KIAA0001-KIAA0040) deduced by analysis of randomly sampled cDNA clones from human immature myeloid cell line KG-1.
Human exonuclease 1 functionally complements its yeast homologues in DNA recombination, RNA primer removal, and mutation avoidance.
Alternative forms of Max as enhancers or suppressors of Myc-ras cotransformation.
Cofactor specificity motifs and the induced fit mechanism in class I ketol-acid reductoisomerases.
Nucleotide sequence of the GLABROUS1 gene of Arabidopsis thaliana ecotype Columbia.
Acid stress in the food pathogen Bacillus cereus.
CRISPR Screens Uncover Genes that Regulate Target Cell Sensitivity to the Morphogen Sonic Hedgehog.
Cloning of a higher-plant plastid omega-6 fatty acid desaturase cDNA and its expression in a cyanobacterium.
Isolation and characterization of cDNAs encoding imidazoleglycerolphosphate dehydratase from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular determinants by which a long chain toxin from snake venom interacts with the neuronal alpha 7-nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase from Plasmodium falciparum undergoes NADP+-dependent dimerization and inactivation: functional and crystallographic analysis.
An ABC transport system that maintains lipid asymmetry in the gram-negative outer membrane.
Fibroblast growth factor homologous factor 1B binds to the C terminus of the tetrodotoxin-resistant sodium channel rNav1.9a (NaN).
Deoxysugar methylation during biosynthesis of the antitumor polyketide elloramycin by Streptomyces olivaceus. Characterization of three methyltransferase genes.
Colocalization of amanitin and a candidate toxin-processing prolyl oligopeptidase in Amanita basidiocarps.
Revision of the amino-acid sequence of 3-isopropylmalate dehydrogenase from Salmonella typhimurium by means of X-ray crystallography.
A novel epithelial-expressed ETS gene, ELF3: human and murine cDNA sequences, murine genomic organization, human mapping to 1q32.2 and expression in tissues and cancer.
Murine homologs of deltex define a novel gene family involved in vertebrate Notch signaling and neurogenesis.
Accessory NUMM (NDUFS6) subunit harbors a Zn-binding site and is essential for biogenesis of mitochondrial complex I.
A membrane guanylate cyclase Drosophila homolog gene exhibits maternal and zygotic expression.
Identification of a chemoreceptor that specifically mediates chemotaxis toward metabolizable purine derivatives.
Novel transcription coactivator complex containing activating signal cointegrator 1.
A novel cytoplasmic GTPase XAB1 interacts with DNA repair protein XPA.
Characterization of Arabidopsis thaliana mismatch specific endonucleases: application to mutation discovery by TILLING in pea.
Single-molecule sorting reveals how ubiquitylation affects substrate recognition and activities of FBH1 helicase.
Functional characterization of alternatively spliced human SERCA3 transcripts.
Mutations of LRTOMT, a fusion gene with alternative reading frames, cause nonsyndromic deafness in humans.
The human and rat forms of multiple inositol polyphosphate phosphatase: functional homology with a histidine acid phosphatase up-regulated during endochondral ossification.
The GLH proteins, Caenorhabditis elegans P granule components, associate with CSN-5 and KGB-1, proteins necessary for fertility, and with ZYX-1, a predicted cytoskeletal protein.
The basophil activation marker defined by antibody 97A6 is identical to the ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 3.
Enzyme-catalyzed acylation of homoserine: mechanistic characterization of the Haemophilus influenzae met2-encoded homoserine transacetylase.
Purification, sequence, and model structure of charybdotoxin, a potent selective inhibitor of calcium-activated potassium channels.
Properties of the periplasmic ModA molybdate-binding protein of Escherichia coli.
Characterization of the class IV homeodomain-Leucine Zipper gene family in Arabidopsis.
High complexity in the expression of the B' subunit of protein phosphatase 2A0. Evidence for the existence of at least seven novel isoforms.
Mutational analysis of the putative leukotoxin transport genes in Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Overexpression of a Zebrafish ARNT2-like Factor Represses CYP1A Transcription in ZLE Cells.
A Halloween gene noppera-bo encodes a glutathione S-transferase essential for ecdysteroid biosynthesis via regulating the behaviour of cholesterol in Drosophila.
EMRE is an essential component of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter complex.
Pathway of lysine degradation in Fusobacterium nucleatum.
Mutations in the parkin gene cause autosomal recessive juvenile parkinsonism.
Characterization of a novel legumin alpha-amylase inhibitor from chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.) seeds.
Identification of lipopolysaccharide O antigen synthesis genes required for attachment of the S-layer of Caulobacter crescentus.
Primary structures of human protein kinase C beta I and beta II differ only in their C-terminal sequences.
Molecular cloning of cDNA encoding N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase II from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Hydroxylamine assimilation by Rhodobacter capsulatus E1F1. requirement of the hcp gene (hybrid cluster protein) located in the nitrate assimilation nas gene region for hydroxylamine reduction.
Mechanism of androgen action on cell proliferation: AS3 protein as a mediator of proliferative arrest in the rat prostate.
Redox properties of several bacterial ferredoxins using square wave voltammetry.
Neural crest determination by co-activation of Pax3 and Zic1 genes in Xenopus ectoderm.
A novel myosin I from bovine adrenal gland.
Characterization of multiple nicotinic acetylcholine receptor-binding proteins and phospholipases A2 from the venom of the coral snake Micrurus nigrocinctus.
Isolation and structural and pharmacological characterization of α-elapitoxin-Dpp2d, an amidated three finger toxin from black mamba venom.
Molecular cloning of a novel splice variant of human type IVA (PDE-IVA) cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase and localization of the gene to the p13.2-q12 region of human chromosome 19 [corrected].
Distribution of genes encoding the microbial non-oxidative reversible hydroxyarylic acid decarboxylases/phenol carboxylases.
Cloning and expression of a human metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 alpha: enhanced coupling on co-transfection with a glutamate transporter.
Genomic annotation and expression analysis of the zebrafish Rho small GTPase family during development and bacterial infection.
The identification and characterization of human Sister-of-Mammalian Grainyhead (SOM) expands the grainyhead-like family of developmental transcription factors.
The cDNA of the two isoforms of bovine cGMP-dependent protein kinase.
1.6 angstroms structure of an NAD+-dependent quinate dehydrogenase from Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Proteolytic fragmentation and peptide mapping of human carboxyamidomethylated tracheobronchial mucin.
Alternative splicing of human prostaglandin G/H synthase mRNA and evidence of differential regulation of the resulting transcripts by transforming growth factor beta 1, interleukin 1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
AtKP1, a kinesin-like protein, mainly localizes to mitochondria in Arabidopsis thaliana.
HPF1/C4orf27 Is a PARP-1-Interacting Protein that Regulates PARP-1 ADP-Ribosylation Activity.
An unusual Fc receptor-related protein expressed in human centroblasts.
The UUAG-specific RNA binding protein, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein D0. Common modular structure and binding properties of the 2xRBD-Gly family.
REDK, a novel human regulatory erythroid kinase.
Developmentally regulated mitochondrial fusion mediated by a conserved, novel, predicted GTPase.
Functional cloning of a cDNA encoding Mei2-like protein from Arabidopsis thaliana using a fission yeast pheromone receptor deficient mutant.
Uncleavable Nup98-Nup96 is functional in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Cloning and sequence analysis of human pituitary cDNA encoding the novel polypeptide 7B2.
(R)-mevalonate 3-phosphate is an intermediate of the mevalonate pathway in Thermoplasma acidophilum.
Positively charged amino acid residues located similarly in sea anemone and scorpion toxins.
Existence of multiple isoforms of HS1-associated protein X-1 in murine and human tissues.
ATG genes involved in non-selective autophagy are conserved from yeast to man, but the selective Cvt and pexophagy pathways also require organism-specific genes.
Cloning and characterization of subtracted cDNAs from a human ciliary body library encoding TIGR, a protein involved in juvenile open angle glaucoma with homology to myosin and olfactomedin.
Identification and characterization of a conserved family of protein serine/threonine phosphatases homologous to Drosophila retinal degeneration C.
Functional analyses of three ASMT gene family members in rice plants.
Doublecortin, a brain-specific gene mutated in human X-linked lissencephaly and double cortex syndrome, encodes a putative signaling protein.
The drosulfakinin 0 (DSK 0) peptide encoded in the conserved Dsk gene affects adult Drosophila melanogaster crop contractions.
ENH, containing PDZ and LIM domains, heart/skeletal muscle-specific protein, associates with cytoskeletal proteins through the PDZ domain.
Identification of a novel alternative splicing of human FGF receptor 4: soluble-form splice variant expressed in human gastrointestinal epithelial cells.
A novel plant kinesin-related protein specifically associates with the phragmoplast organelles.
A novel jasmonic acid-inducible rice myb gene associates with fungal infection and host cell death.
Rice shoot branching requires an ATP-binding cassette subfamily G protein.
DUF581 is plant specific FCS-like zinc finger involved in protein-protein interaction.
Purification, characterization, and cDNA cloning of a novel acidic endoglycoceramidase from the jellyfish, Cyanea nozakii.
Regulation of insect steroid hormone biosynthesis by innervating peptidergic neurons.
Four new members expand the interleukin-1 superfamily.
VHY, a novel myristoylated testis-restricted dual specificity protein phosphatase related to VHX.
Molecular cloning of an adducin-like protein: evidence of a polymorphism in the normotensive and hypertensive rats of the Milan strain.
The evolutionary conserved oil body associated protein OBAP1 participates in the regulation of oil body size.
Polarization of IRON-REGULATED TRANSPORTER 1 (IRT1) to the plant-soil interface plays crucial role in metal homeostasis.
Proteome analysis of Arabidopsis leaf peroxisomes reveals novel targeting peptides, metabolic pathways, and defense mechanisms.
Heterologous expression and characterization of recombinant purple acid phosphatase from red kidney bean.
Structures of F420H2:NADP+ oxidoreductase with and without its substrates bound.
The NIK protein kinase and C17orf1 genes: chromosomal mapping, gene structures and mutational screening in frontotemporal dementia and parkinsonism linked to chromosome 17.
Ergot alkaloid biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus: conversion of chanoclavine-I to chanoclavine-I aldehyde catalyzed by a short-chain alcohol dehydrogenase FgaDH.
The acnD genes of Shewenella oneidensis and Vibrio cholerae encode a new Fe/S-dependent 2-methylcitrate dehydratase enzyme that requires prpF function in vivo.
Identification of enolases and aldolases as important fish allergens in cod, salmon and tuna: component resolved diagnosis using parvalbumin and the new allergens.
Rab coupling protein (RCP), a novel Rab4 and Rab11 effector protein.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel peptidylprolyl isomerase (cyclophilin)-like gene (PPIL3) from human fetal brain.
Glyoxalase III from Escherichia coli: a single novel enzyme for the conversion of methylglyoxal into D-lactate without reduced glutathione.
PrPC directly interacts with proteins involved in signaling pathways.
Antibacterial and antifungal properties of alpha-helical, cationic peptides in the venom of scorpions from southern Africa.
The fission yeast dis2+ gene required for chromosome disjoining encodes one of two putative type 1 protein phosphatases.
A novel isoform of a kallikrein-like protease, TLSP/hippostasin, (PRSS20), is expressed in the human brain and prostate.
Formation of conjugated Delta11Delta13-double bonds by Delta12-linoleic acid (1,4)-acyl-lipid-desaturase in pomegranate seeds.
Isolation of a cDNA encoding a metal response element binding protein using a novel expression cloning procedure: the one hybrid system.
Myosin gene mutation correlates with anatomical changes in the human lineage.
Down-regulation of RNA helicase II/Gu results in the depletion of 18 and 28 S rRNAs in Xenopus oocyte.
IL1RAPL2 maps to Xq22 and is specifically expressed in the central nervous system.
Localization of apical epithelial determinants by the basolateral PDZ protein Scribble.
The Rac activator DOCK7 regulates neuronal polarity through local phosphorylation of stathmin/Op18.
Biochemical analyses of the AF10 protein: the extended LAP/PHD-finger mediates oligomerisation.
DNA Methylation on N6-Adenine in C. elegans.
Identification and molecular characterization of mitochondrial ferredoxins and ferredoxin reductase from Arabidopsis.
Structure and expression of the rice class-I type histone deacetylase genes OsHDAC1-3: OsHDAC1 overexpression in transgenic plants leads to increased growth rate and altered architecture.
An ungrouped plant kinesin accumulates at the preprophase band in a cell cycle-dependent manner.
GSKIP is homologous to the Axin GSK3beta interaction domain and functions as a negative regulator of GSK3beta.
Escherichia coli glyoxalase II is a binuclear zinc-dependent metalloenzyme.
Doom, a product of the Drosophila mod(mdg4) gene, induces apoptosis and binds to baculovirus inhibitor-of-apoptosis proteins.
Analysis of the Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans leukotoxin gene. Delineation of unique features and comparison to homologous toxins.
Hexokinase as a sugar sensor in higher plants.
Transport and localization of the DEG/ENaC ion channel BNaC1alpha to peripheral mechanosensory terminals of dorsal root ganglia neurons.
Identification of a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored plasma membrane protein interacting with the C-terminus of auxin-binding protein 1: a photoaffinity crosslinking study.
Studies of the human c-myb gene and its product in human acute leukemias.
A testis-specific regulator of complex and hybrid N-glycan synthesis.
Biosynthesis and role in virulence of the histone deacetylase inhibitor depudecin from Alternaria brassicicola.
Plastids are major regulators of light signaling in Arabidopsis.
Aralin, a new cytotoxic protein from Aralia elata, inducing apoptosis in human cancer cells.
Determination of cDNA, gene structure and chromosomal localization of the novel human 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 7(1).
Identification and cloning of three novel human G protein-coupled receptor genes GPR52, PsiGPR53 and GPR55: GPR55 is extensively expressed in human brain.
Cloning and sequence analysis of a putative transcription factor (MTF1) gene from Mucor circinelloides.
High content phenotypic cell-based visual screen identifies Mycobacterium tuberculosis acyltrehalose-containing glycolipids involved in phagosome remodeling.
Organization of the gene for human erythrocyte membrane protein 4.2: structural similarities with the gene for the a subunit of factor XIII.
The G-patch domain of Mason-Pfizer monkey virus is a part of reverse transcriptase.
Assessment of the contribution of chemoreceptor-based signalling to biofilm formation.
Characterization and fine localization of two new genes in Xq28 using the genomic sequence/EST database screening approach.
Mass spectrometric study of peptides secreted by the skin glands of the brown frog Rana arvalis from the Moscow region.
A D-psicose 3-epimerase with neutral pH optimum from Clostridium bolteae for D-psicose production: cloning, expression, purification, and characterization.
Rent1, a trans-effector of nonsense-mediated mRNA decay, is essential for mammalian embryonic viability.
AVR/NAVR deficiency lowers blood pressure and differentially affects urinary concentrating ability, cognition, and anxiety-like behavior in male and female mice.
Rat liver peroxisomes after fibrate treatment. A survey using quantitative mass spectrometry.
UNC-83 coordinates kinesin-1 and dynein activities at the nuclear envelope during nuclear migration.
Characterization of an Acinetobacter baumannii lptD Deletion Strain: Permeability Defects and Response to Inhibition of Lipopolysaccharide and Fatty Acid Biosynthesis.
Differential expression and activation of a family of murine peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors.
A Drosophila dopamine 2-like receptor: Molecular characterization and identification of multiple alternatively spliced variants.
Crystal structure and functional implications of LprF from Mycobacterium tuberculosis and M. bovis.
Leukocytes express a novel gene encoding a putative transmembrane protein-kinase devoid of an extracellular domain.
An important role of a BAHD acyl transferase-like protein in plant innate immunity.
Cell cycle-dependent switch of up-and down-regulation of human hsp70 gene expression by interaction between c-Myc and CBF/NF-Y.
Both normal and leukemic B lymphocytes express multiple isoforms of the human Aiolos gene.
Protein synthesis patterns in Acinetobacter calcoaceticus induced by phenol and catechol show specificities of responses to chemostress.
Polymerization of hemoglobins in Arctic fish: Lycodes reticulatus and Gadus morhua.
The Oryza sativa Regulator HDR1 Associates with the Kinase OsK4 to Control Photoperiodic Flowering.
Characterization of the myosin-binding subunit of smooth muscle myosin phosphatase.
Crystallization and preliminary X-ray diffraction studies of two thermostable alpha-galactosidases from glycoside hydrolase family 36.
Acipensins - Novel Antimicrobial Peptides from Leukocytes of the Russian Sturgeon Acipenser gueldenstaedtii.
Active transport of maltose in Escherichia coli K12. Involvement of a "periplasmic" maltose binding protein.
Molecular cloning of a novel myeloid granule protein.
Expression, purification, and characterization of a galactofuranosyltransferase involved in Mycobacterium tuberculosis arabinogalactan biosynthesis.
TSSC1 is novel component of the endosomal retrieval machinery.
Detection of leukemia-associated MLL-GAS7 translocation early during chemotherapy with DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors.
Evolutionary conservation of TORC1 components, TOR, Raptor, and LST8, between rice and yeast.
Purification, characterization, and molecular gene cloning of an antifungal protein from Ginkgo biloba seeds.
Identification and expression of alternatively spliced aryl hydrocarbon nuclear translocator 2 (ARNT2) cDNAs from zebrafish with distinct functions.
Alpha-cobratoxin: proton NMR assignments and solution structure.
Genes coding for the benzoyl-CoA pathway of anaerobic aromatic metabolism in the bacterium Thauera aromatica.
New members of the mammalian glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase family: GDE4 and GDE7 produce lysophosphatidic acid by lysophospholipase D activity.
CML66, a broadly immunogenic tumor antigen, elicits a humoral immune response associated with remission of chronic myelogenous leukemia.
m<sup>6</sup>A potentiates Sxl alternative pre-mRNA splicing for robust Drosophila sex determination.
A mutation in NFkB interacting protein 1 results in cardiomyopathy and abnormal skin development in wa3 mice.
Protein phosphatase 2Calpha inhibits the human stress-responsive p38 and JNK MAPK pathways.
A peptide encoded by a transcript annotated as long noncoding RNA enhances SERCA activity in muscle.
The Arabidopsis PLAT domain protein1 is critically involved in abiotic stress tolerance.
Alternative splicing of the transcript encoding the human muscle isoenzyme of phosphofructokinase.
The deamido-diphosphopyridine nucleotide and diphosphopyridine nucleotide pyrophosphorylases of Escherichia coli and yeast.
Alternative splicing in colon, bladder, and prostate cancer identified by exon array analysis.
B-ind1, a novel mediator of Rac1 signaling cloned from sodium butyrate-treated fibroblasts.
Male gametophyte defective 4 encodes a rhamnogalacturonan II xylosyltransferase and is important for growth of pollen tubes and roots in Arabidopsis.
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen is protected from degradation by forming a complex with MutT Homolog2.
The hemoglobin system of the serpent eel Ophisurus serpens: structural and functional characterization.
Spsgt1, a new essential gene of Schizosaccharomyces pombe, is involved in carbohydrate metabolism.
Characterization of enzymes involved in the central metabolism of Gluconobacter oxydans.
Identification and expression of Neu4, a novel murine sialidase.
The human HSP70 family of chaperones: where do we stand?
CRT1, an Arabidopsis ATPase that interacts with diverse resistance proteins and modulates disease resistance to turnip crinkle virus.
High level activation of vitamin B1 biosynthesis genes in haustoria of the rust fungus Uromyces fabae.
Cloning and characterization of a family C orphan G-protein coupled receptor.
Identification of TRACs (T3 receptor-associating cofactors), a family of cofactors that associate with, and modulate the activity of, nuclear hormone receptors.
D-GLYCERATE 3-KINASE, the last unknown enzyme in the photorespiratory cycle in Arabidopsis, belongs to a novel kinase family.
Isolation of a novel PDZ-containing myosin from hematopoietic supportive bone marrow stromal cell lines.
One of the endothelin gene family, endothelin 3 gene, is expressed in the placenta.
von Hippel-Lindau syndrome: cloning and identification of the plasma membrane Ca(++)-transporting ATPase isoform 2 gene that resides in the von Hippel-Lindau gene region.
Functional characterization of the D-Tyr-tRNATyr deacylase from Escherichia coli.
A novel gene family NBPF: intricate structure generated by gene duplications during primate evolution.
Characterization of human colon cancer antigens recognized by autologous antibodies.
A mutation in the mouse ttc26 gene leads to impaired hedgehog signaling.
LACHESIS restricts gametic cell fate in the female gametophyte of Arabidopsis.
Ice-binding proteins from enoki and shiitake mushrooms.
Fine mapping of calcineurin (PPP3CA) gene reveals novel alternative splicing patterns, association of 5'UTR trinucleotide repeat with addiction vulnerability, and differential isoform expression in Alzheimer's disease.
A two-gene ABC-type transport system that extrudes Na+ in Bacillus subtilis is induced by ethanol or protonophore.
GIT1, a gene encoding a novel transporter for glycerophosphoinositol in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Cloning and mapping of a human and mouse gene with homology to ecto-ATPase genes.
Enzymatic characterization and elucidation of the catalytic mechanism of a recombinant bovine glycine N-acyltransferase.
Control of potassium homeostasis is an essential function of the second messenger cyclic di-AMP in <i>Bacillus subtilis</i>.
Crystal structure of an intracellular protease from Pyrococcus horikoshii at 2-A resolution.
Identification and characterisation of Simiate, a novel protein linked to the fragile X syndrome.
Protein kinase B kinases that mediate phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate-dependent activation of protein kinase B.
Forward and reverse genetics to identify genes involved in the age-related resistance response in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular basis for mycophenolic acid biosynthesis in Penicillium brevicompactum.
SWI/SNF chromatin-remodeling factors: multiscale analyses and diverse functions.
A family of genes encoding a cell-killing function may be conserved in all gram-negative bacteria.
KIFC2 is a novel neuron-specific C-terminal type kinesin superfamily motor for dendritic transport of multivesicular body-like organelles.
A novel Drosophila nuclear protein serine/threonine kinase expressed in the germline during its establishment.
DNA sequence analysis of NKG2, a family of related cDNA clones encoding type II integral membrane proteins on human natural killer cells.
Three odorant-binding proteins from rabbit nasal mucosa.
Novel dermaseptins from Phyllomedusa hypochondrialis (Amphibia).
Isolation and characterization of tryptophan transaminase and indolepyruvate C-methyltransferase. Enzymes involved in indolmycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus.
Identification and characterization of novel and unknown mouse epididymis-specific genes by complementary DNA microarray technology.
Gid8p (Dcr1p) and Dcr2p function in a common pathway to promote START completion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Phosphorylation by protein kinase A of RCK1 K+ channels expressed in Xenopus oocytes.
Gene discovery in the hamster: a comparative genomics approach for gene annotation by sequencing of hamster testis cDNAs.
Rapid and specific conversion of precursor interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) to an active IL-1 species by human mast cell chymase.
Release of active TGF-β1 from the latent TGF-β1/GARP complex on T regulatory cells is mediated by integrin β8.
Arabidopsis RUGOSA2 encodes an mTERF family member required for mitochondrion, chloroplast and leaf development.
A lethal cardiotoxic-cytotoxic protein from the Indian monocellate cobra (Naja kaouthia) venom.
FAX1, a novel membrane protein mediating plastid fatty acid export.
C-terminal Src kinase-mediated EPIYA phosphorylation of Pragmin creates a feed-forward C-terminal Src kinase activation loop that promotes cell motility.
EBP1 regulates organ size through cell growth and proliferation in plants.
A novel, secreted form of human ADAM 12 (meltrin alpha) provokes myogenesis in vivo.
Arabidopsis BIRD Zinc Finger Proteins Jointly Stabilize Tissue Boundaries by Confining the Cell Fate Regulator SHORT-ROOT and Contributing to Fate Specification.
Identification of a new family of Pbx-related homeobox genes.
Molecular phylogenetics of ascomycotal adhesins--a novel family of putative cell-surface adhesive proteins in fission yeasts.
Estrogen receptor (ER)-beta isoforms: a key to understanding ER-beta signaling.
Cloning of the beta cell high-affinity sulfonylurea receptor: a regulator of insulin secretion.
Identification, molecular cloning, biologic properties, and tissue distribution of a novel isoform of murine low-affinity IgG receptor homologous to human Fc gamma RIIB1.
The MMA1 gene family of cancer-testis antigens has multiple alternative splice variants: characterization of their expression profile, the genomic organization, and transcript properties.
Naturally occurring disulfide-bound dimers of three-fingered toxins: a paradigm for biological activity diversification.
Inulin and levan synthesis by probiotic Lactobacillus gasseri strains: characterization of three novel fructansucrase enzymes and their fructan products.
Expression and function of AtMBD4L, the single gene encoding the nuclear DNA glycosylase MBD4L in Arabidopsis.
Mutations in a gene encoding a novel protein tyrosine phosphatase cause progressive myoclonus epilepsy.
The alpha subunit of type II Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase is highly conserved in Drosophila.
A role for the extraembryonic yolk syncytial layer in patterning the zebrafish embryo suggested by properties of the hex gene.
Primary structure of nuclease P1 from Penicillium citrinum.
Identification and characterization of a novel alternative splice variant of mouse GMx33alpha/GPP34.
Ehd3, encoding a plant homeodomain finger-containing protein, is a critical promoter of rice flowering.
TRIP: a novel double stranded RNA binding protein which interacts with the leucine rich repeat of flightless I.
The amino terminal domain from Mrt4 protein can functionally replace the RNA binding domain of the ribosomal P0 protein.
MAIGO2 is involved in exit of seed storage proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two phosphatase 2A catalytic subunit genes from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of an alternatively spliced AATYK mRNA: expression pattern of AATYK in the brain and neuronal cells.
Molecular cloning and functional analysis of ESGP, an embryonic stem cell and germ cell specific protein.
Molecular and genetic analysis of the Drosophila mas-1 (mannosidase-1) gene which encodes a glycoprotein processing alpha 1,2-mannosidase.
Interleukin-18 binding protein: a novel modulator of the Th1 cytokine response.
Structural analysis of the fds operon encoding the NAD+-linked formate dehydrogenase of Ralstonia eutropha.
cDNA sequence and genomic structure of EV12B, a gene lying within an intron of the neurofibromatosis type 1 gene.
Isolation, characterization, cloning and expression of an alpha-neurotoxin from the venom of the Mexican coral snake Micrurus laticollaris (Squamata: Elapidae).
An Arabidopsis homeodomain transcription factor, OVEREXPRESSOR OF CATIONIC PEROXIDASE 3, mediates resistance to infection by necrotrophic pathogens.
Mouse protamine 2 is synthesized as a precursor whereas mouse protamine 1 is not.
Isolation and characterization of mutants defective in seed coat mucilage secretory cell development in Arabidopsis.
Nucleotide sequence of a cDNA encoding an alternative form of LEF-1.
Identification of Chlamydomonas Central Core Centriolar Proteins Reveals a Role for Human WDR90 in Ciliogenesis.
AP-57/C10orf99 is a new type of multifunctional antimicrobial peptide.
Two interacting proteins are necessary for the editing of the NdhD-1 site in Arabidopsis plastids.
A small deletion hotspot in the type II keratin gene mK6irs1/Krt2-6g on mouse chromosome 15, a candidate for causing the wavy hair of the caracul (Ca) mutation.
Cloning and characterization of ECE1, a gene expressed in association with cell elongation of the dimorphic pathogen Candida albicans.
Crystal Structure of Crataeva tapia Bark Protein (CrataBL) and Its Effect in Human Prostate Cancer Cell Lines.
Functional analysis of a RPD3 histone deacetylase homologue in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cloning and sequencing of a novel 64-kDa autoantigen recognized by patients with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Arabidopsis PLC1 is required for secondary responses to abscisic acid signals.
Heat-induced release of epigenetic silencing reveals the concealed role of an imprinted plant gene.
Genome-wide RNAi screen identifies Letm1 as a mitochondrial Ca2+/H+ antiporter.
Rapostlin is a novel effector of Rnd2 GTPase inducing neurite branching.
A symbiosis expressed non-ribosomal peptide synthetase from a mutualistic fungal endophyte of perennial ryegrass confers protection to the symbiotum from insect herbivory.
Structure and function of L-lactate dehydrogenases from thermophilic, mesophilic and psychrophilic bacteria, IX. Identification, isolation and nucleotide sequence of two L-lactate dehydrogenase genes of the psychrophilic bacterium Bacillus psychrosaccharolyticus.
Structural and biochemical analyses of Mycobacterium tuberculosis N-acetylmuramyl-L-alanine amidase Rv3717 point to a role in peptidoglycan fragment recycling.
A novel member of the IkappaB family, human IkappaB-zeta, inhibits transactivation of p65 and its DNA binding.
Novel polypeptide toxins with crab lethality from the sea anemone Anemonia erythraea.
A novel gene constitutively expressed in human lymphoid cells is inducible with interferon-gamma in myeloid cells.
Identification of a novel human kinesin-related gene (HK2) by the cDNA differential display technique.
Induction of interferon-gamma inducing factor in the adrenal cortex.
Analysis of the DNA sequence and duplication history of human chromosome 15.
MAIGO5 functions in protein export from Golgi-associated endoplasmic reticulum exit sites in Arabidopsis.
Structure, organization and expression of two closely related novel Lea (late-embryogenesis-abundant) genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The human medulloblastoma cell line TE671 expresses a muscle-like acetylcholine receptor. Cloning of the alpha-subunit cDNA.
An amino-terminal extension is required for the secretion of chick agrin and its binding to extracellular matrix.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a cDNA for the beta subunit of a G protein from rice.
Molecular and catalytic properties of a novel cytochrome c nitrite reductase from nitrate-reducing haloalkaliphilic sulfur-oxidizing bacterium Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens.
Very large G protein-coupled receptor-1, the largest known cell surface protein, is highly expressed in the developing central nervous system.
Identification of a novel potential antigen for early-phase serodiagnosis of leptospirosis.
hnf1b genes in zebrafish hindbrain development.
Olfaction and odor discrimination are mediated by the C. elegans guanylyl cyclase ODR-1.
Characterization of salicylic acid-responsive, arabidopsis Dof domain proteins: overexpression of OBP3 leads to growth defects.
Biomolecular characterization of allergenic proteins in snow crab (Chionoecetes opilio) and de novo sequencing of the second allergen arginine kinase using tandem mass spectrometry.
Diverse behavioural defects caused by mutations in Caenorhabditis elegans unc-43 CaM kinase II.
The editosome for cytidine to uridine mRNA editing has a native complexity of 27S: identification of intracellular domains containing active and inactive editing factors.
Elimination of ergovaline from a grass-Neotyphodium endophyte symbiosis by genetic modification of the endophyte.
The monofunctional glycosyltransferase of Escherichia coli is a member of a new class of peptidoglycan-synthesising enzymes.
The purification and characterization of ATP synthase complexes from the mitochondria of four fungal species.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel phospholemman-like protein from rat hippocampus.
PRP19 transforms into a sensor of RPA-ssDNA after DNA damage and drives ATR activation via a ubiquitin-mediated circuitry.
Translation initiation factor 3 families: what are their roles in regulating cyanobacterial and chloroplast gene expression?
A receptor heteromer mediates the male perception of female attractants in plants.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of polyphosphate glucokinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
The covalent structure of the elastase inhibitor from Anemonia sulcata--a "non-classical" Kazal-type protein.
Identification and characterisation of a novel conserved outer membrane protein from Neisseria meningitidis.
Identification of full-length and truncated forms of Ehk-3, a novel member of the Eph receptor tyrosine kinase family.
Novel inositol catabolic pathway in Thermotoga maritima.
Characterization of the Vibrio cholerae El Tor lipase operon lipAB and a protease gene downstream of the hly region.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the chicken Lmbr1 gene are associated with chicken polydactyly.
Proteins from the prokaryotic nucleoid: biochemical and 1H NMR studies on three bacterial histone-like proteins.
A family of structurally related RING finger proteins interacts specifically with the ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme UbcM4.
MRG15 activates the B-myb promoter through formation of a nuclear complex with the retinoblastoma protein and the novel protein PAM14.
PGM3 mutations cause a congenital disorder of glycosylation with severe immunodeficiency and skeletal dysplasia.
MIP-T3, a novel protein linking tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 3 to the microtubule network.
A stress response pathway from the endoplasmic reticulum to the nucleus requires a novel bifunctional protein kinase/endoribonuclease (Ire1p) in mammalian cells.
AtEHDs, novel Arabidopsis EH-domain-containing proteins involved in endocytosis.
Sequence of cDNA encoding human insulin-like growth factor I precursor.
SPACR, a novel interphotoreceptor matrix glycoprotein in human retina that interacts with hyaluronan.
Mrvi1, a common MRV integration site in BXH2 myeloid leukemias, encodes a protein with homology to a lymphoid-restricted membrane protein Jaw1.
Complete amino acid sequence of an integrin beta subunit (beta 7) identified in leukocytes.
Identification of factors required for m<sup>6</sup> A mRNA methylation in Arabidopsis reveals a role for the conserved E3 ubiquitin ligase HAKAI.
APache Is an AP2-Interacting Protein Involved in Synaptic Vesicle Trafficking and Neuronal Development.
Novel origin of lamin-derived cytoplasmic intermediate filaments in tardigrades.
A putative catenin-cadherin system mediates morphogenesis of the Caenorhabditis elegans embryo.
Possible role of variant RNA transcripts in the regulation of epidermal growth factor receptor expression in human placenta.
The NADP-dependent methylene tetrahydromethanopterin dehydrogenase in Methylobacterium extorquens AM1.
Segment-specific expression of the neuronatin gene during early hindbrain development.
New neuropeptides containing carboxy-terminal RFamide and their receptor in mammals.
Mouse GGN1 and GGN3, two germ cell-specific proteins from the single gene Ggn, interact with mouse POG and play a role in spermatogenesis.
Biological and structural characterization of the Mycobacterium smegmatis nitroreductase NfnB, and its role in benzothiazinone resistance.
The IrrE protein of Deinococcus radiodurans R1 is a novel regulator of recA expression.
Characterization of a multifunctional inositol phosphate kinase from rice and barley belonging to the ATP-grasp superfamily.
Mechanism of the Enzymatic Synthesis of 4-(Hydroxymethyl)-2- furancarboxaldehyde-phosphate (4-HFC-P) from Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate Catalyzed by 4-HFC-P Synthase.
Crystal structure of the MOP flippase MurJ in an inward-facing conformation.
The Arabidopsis CERK1-associated kinase PBL27 connects chitin perception to MAPK activation.
Crystal structure of a Cbtx-AChBP complex reveals essential interactions between snake alpha-neurotoxins and nicotinic receptors.
Expression of the PAX2 gene in human fetal kidney and Wilms' tumor.
Serologically defined colon cancer antigen 3 is necessary for the presentation of TNF receptor 1 on cell surface.
Soluble and membrane-anchored forms of the human IFN-alpha/beta receptor.
Phenotype-linked amino acid alteration in leptin receptor cDNA from Zucker fatty (fa/fa) rat.
Structure and expression of an alcohol dehydrogenase 1 gene from Pisum sativum (cv. "Greenfeast").
Holins: the protein clocks of bacteriophage infections.
Identification of novel isoforms of the delta subunit of Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II. Differential expression in rat brain and aorta.
Alkaloid cluster gene ccsA of the ergot fungus Claviceps purpurea encodes chanoclavine I synthase, a flavin adenine dinucleotide-containing oxidoreductase mediating the transformation of N-methyl-dimethylallyltryptophan to chanoclavine I.
Cellular and subcellular localization, N-terminal acylation, and calcium binding of Caenorhabditis elegans protein phosphatase with EF-hands.
A kinase-deficient splice variant of the human JAK3 is expressed in hematopoietic and epithelial cancer cells.
Gene structures and expression profiles of three human KCND (Kv4) potassium channels mediating A-type currents I(TO) and I(SA).
The human doublesex-related gene, DMRT2, is homologous to a gene involved in somitogenesis and encodes a potential bicistronic transcript.
An Arabidopsis Fip1 homolog interacts with RNA and provides conceptual links with a number of other polyadenylation factor subunits.
The molecular basis for galalpha(1,3)gal expression in animals with a deletion of the alpha1,3galactosyltransferase gene.
Purification, partial characterization, crystallization and preliminary X-ray diffraction of a novel cardiotoxin-like basic protein from Naja naja atra (South Anhui) venom.
Expression and alternative splicing of mouse Gfra4 suggest roles in endocrine cell development.
Three-dimensional structure of the mini-M conotoxin mr3a.
A new type of protein lysine methyltransferase trimethylates Lys-79 of elongation factor 1A.
Purification and properties of alpha-D-mannosidase from jack-bean meal.
Molecular mechanisms governing Pcdh-gamma gene expression: evidence for a multiple promoter and cis-alternative splicing model.
Identification of a conserved family of Meis1-related homeobox genes.
Altered lipid A structures and polymyxin hypersensitivity of Rhizobium etli mutants lacking the LpxE and LpxF phosphatases.
Cloning and characterization of two vertebrate homologs of the Drosophila eyes absent gene.
Characterization of the CCK-C (cancer) receptor in human pancreatic cancer.
Genetic and biochemical characterization of a novel monoterpene epsilon-lactone hydrolase from Rhodococcus erythropolis DCL14.
Monitoring flux through the oxidative pentose phosphate pathway using [1-14C]gluconate.
Identification of an Arabidopsis inorganic pyrophosphatase capable of being imported into chloroplasts.
Unusual heme-binding PAS domain from YybT family proteins.
The TRANSPARENT TESTA12 gene of Arabidopsis encodes a multidrug secondary transporter-like protein required for flavonoid sequestration in vacuoles of the seed coat endothelium.
NVL: a new member of the AAA family of ATPases localized to the nucleus.
A novel docking site on Mediator is critical for activation by VP16 in mammalian cells.
Proline dehydrogenase 2 (PRODH2) is a hydroxyproline dehydrogenase (HYPDH) and molecular target for treating primary hyperoxaluria.
Characterization of 954 bovine full-CDS cDNA sequences.
Characterization of two members of the Arabidopsis thaliana gene family, At beta fruct3 and At beta fruct4, coding for vacuolar invertases.
Characterization of Nrf1b, a novel isoform of the nuclear factor-erythroid-2 related transcription factor-1 that activates antioxidant response element-regulated genes.
Cell-substrate interactions and signaling through ILK.
Production of pyruvate and succinate by action of isocitrate lyase on -methylisocitrate.
Primary structure of EPV20, a secretory glycoprotein containing a previously uncharacterized type of domain.
Gpx1 is a stationary phase-specific thioredoxin peroxidase in fission yeast.
Localization and domain characterization of Arabidopsis golgin candidates.
Fructose uptake in Bifidobacterium longum NCC2705 is mediated by an ATP-binding cassette transporter.
Structures, alternative splicing, and neurexin binding of multiple neuroligins.
Cloning and characterization of ferredoxin and ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase from human malaria parasite.
Characterization of rat NDRG2 (N-Myc downstream regulated gene 2), a novel early mineralocorticoid-specific induced gene.
Mechanistic and structural studies of apoform, binary, and ternary complexes of the Arabidopsis alkenal double bond reductase At5g16970.
Molecular cloning of a putative novel human bZIP transcription factor on chromosome 17q22.
Isolation and Structure Elucidation of Fujikurins A-D: Products of the PKS19 Gene Cluster in Fusarium fujikuroi.
Human SRF-related proteins: DNA-binding properties and potential regulatory targets.
Antitumor activity of IFIX, a novel interferon-inducible HIN-200 gene, in breast cancer.
Human inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate type-1 receptor, InsP3R1: structure, function, regulation of expression and chromosomal localization.
Analysis of the molecular species generated by MDM2 gene amplification in liposarcomas.
Proteomic analysis of changes in the extracellular matrix of Arabidopsis cell suspension cultures induced by fungal elicitors.
Comparative proteomic study of the venom of the piscivorous cone snail Conus consors.
The contactin RIG-6 mediates neuronal and non-neuronal cell migration in Caenorhabditis elegans.
In search of tail-anchored protein machinery in plants: reevaluating the role of arsenite transporters.
The rat hepatic leukemia factor (HLF) gene encodes two transcriptional activators with distinct circadian rhythms, tissue distributions and target preferences.
Activation of Bicyclic Nitro-drugs by a Novel Nitroreductase (NTR2) in Leishmania.
Cloning, expression, and sequence analysis of the Bacillus methanolicus C1 methanol dehydrogenase gene.
A study of new Arabidopsis chloroplast RNA editing mutants reveals general features of editing factors and their target sites.
Tissue- and development-specific alternative RNA splicing regulates expression of multiple isoforms of erythroid membrane protein 4.1.
A small chimerically bifunctional monomeric protein: Tapes japonica lysozyme.
US11 of herpes simplex virus type 1 interacts with HIPK2 and antagonizes HIPK2-induced cell growth arrest.
Recognition of anionic phospholipid membranes by an antihemostatic protein from a blood-feeding insect.
Repression and activation of arginine transport genes in Escherichia coli K 12 by the ArgP protein.
Molecular divergence of the sia locus in different serogroups of Neisseria meningitidis expressing polysialic acid capsules.
Asymmetric leaves2 and Elongator, a histone acetyltransferase complex, mediate the establishment of polarity in leaves of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Arabidopsis contains ancient classes of differentially expressed actin-related protein genes.
RLIM inhibits functional activity of LIM homeodomain transcription factors via recruitment of the histone deacetylase complex.
The Drosophila nucleoporin gene nup154 is required for correct microfilament dynamics and cell death during oogenesis.
Molecular characterization of a t(2;6) balanced translocation that is associated with a complex phenotype and leads to truncation of the TCBA1 gene.
A novel zinc finger gene is fused to EWS in small round cell tumor.
A mouse brain homolog of the Drosophila Shab K+ channel with conserved delayed-rectifier properties.
Genetic and molecular identification of genes required for female gametophyte development and function in Arabidopsis.
Gene structure and properties of TIGR, an olfactomedin-related glycoprotein cloned from glucocorticoid-induced trabecular meshwork cells.
Fructose bisphosphatase of Escherichia coli: cloning of the structural gene (fbp) and preparation of a chromosomal deletion.
Flavanone 3beta-hydroxylases from rice: key enzymes for favonol and anthocyanin biosynthesis.
Lectin extracted from Canavalia grandiflora seeds presents potential anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects.
Glutamate transporter EAAC-1-deficient mice develop dicarboxylic aminoaciduria and behavioral abnormalities but no neurodegeneration.
Molecular cloning of human protein 4.2: a major component of the erythrocyte membrane.
A new neurotoxin receptor site on sodium channels is identified by a conotoxin that affects sodium channel inactivation in molluscs and acts as an antagonist in rat brain.
Identification of centaurin-alpha1 as a potential in vivo phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate-binding protein that is functionally homologous to the yeast ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) GTPase-activating protein, Gcs1.
Chromosomal localization and sequences of the murine Brn-3 family of developmental control genes.
Location and characterization of the O-GlcNAcase active site.
Synergistic interaction of three ERECTA-family receptor-like kinases controls Arabidopsis organ growth and flower development by promoting cell proliferation.
Convergent pathways for utilization of the amino sugars N-acetylglucosamine, N-acetylmannosamine, and N-acetylneuraminic acid by Escherichia coli.
Neuron navigator: a human gene family with homology to unc-53, a cell guidance gene from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Identification of the adipocyte acid phosphatase as a PAO-sensitive tyrosyl phosphatase.
Novel isoforms of Mel1c melatonin receptors modulating intracellular cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate levels.
A novel mammalian T-box-containing gene, Tbr2, expressed in mouse developing brain.
Immunoglobulin genes of different subgroups are interdigitated within the VK locus.
Dynamic behavior of Arabidopsis eIF4A-III, putative core protein of exon junction complex: fast relocation to nucleolus and splicing speckles under hypoxia.
The utilization of alanine, glutamic acid, and serine as amino acid substrates for glycine N-acyltransferase.
ULBP4 is a novel ligand for human NKG2D.
Structural analysis of N-linked oligosaccharide of mitogenic lectin-B from the roots of pokeweed (Phytolacca americana).
A novel FADS1 isoform potentiates FADS2-mediated production of eicosanoid precursor fatty acids.
Data mining the Arabidopsis genome reveals fifteen 14-3-3 genes. Expression is demonstrated for two out of five novel genes.
Cloning and expression of fibroblast growth factor receptor-1 isoforms in the mouse heart: evidence for isoform switching during heart development.
The Last r Locus Unveiled: T4 RIII Is a Cytoplasmic Antiholin.
A candidate gene for mild mental handicap at the FRAXE fragile site.
The nucleotide sequence of the HEM1 gene and evidence for a precursor form of the mitochondrial 5-aminolevulinate synthase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Curated eutherian third party data gene data sets.
Co-regulation by Notch and Fos is required for cell fate specification of intermediate precursors during C. elegans uterine development.
Identification of cDNAs encoding isoprenylated proteins.
Multiple promoters regulate tissue-specific alternative splicing of the human kallikrein gene, KLK11/hippostasin.
The gnd gene encoding a novel 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase and its adjacent region of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans chromosomal DNA.
Nucleotide sequence of the Streptococcus gordonii PK488 coaggregation adhesin gene, scaA, and ATP-binding cassette.
Cytotoxic and antioxidant property of a purified fraction (NN-32) of Indian Naja naja venom on Ehrlich ascites carcinoma in BALB/c mice.
Vasculostatin, a proteolytic fragment of brain angiogenesis inhibitor 1, is an antiangiogenic and antitumorigenic factor.
Gene cloning and characterization of L-ribulose 3-epimerase from Mesorhizobium loti and its application to rare sugar production.
Identification of Fetuin-B as a member of a cystatin-like gene family on mouse chromosome 16 with tumor suppressor activity.
A thylakoid membrane protein harboring a DnaJ-type zinc finger domain is required for photosystem I accumulation in plants.
Expression, sorting, and segregation of Golgi proteins during germ cell differentiation in the testis.
Kdap, a novel gene associated with the stratification of the epithelium.
MidA is a putative methyltransferase that is required for mitochondrial complex I function.
General approach to reversing ketol-acid reductoisomerase cofactor dependence from NADPH to NADH.
Cloning, expression analysis, and chromosomal mapping of GTPBP2, a novel member of the G protein family.
FATTY ACID DESATURASE4 of Arabidopsis encodes a protein distinct from characterized fatty acid desaturases.
Mammalian type I interferon receptors consists of two subunits: IFNaR1 and IFNaR2.
ML3: a novel regulator of herbivory-induced responses in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The genes of the glutamine synthetase adenylylation cascade are not regulated by nitrogen in Escherichia coli.
A developmentally regulated, neuron-specific splice variant of the variable subunit Bbeta targets protein phosphatase 2A to mitochondria and modulates apoptosis.
Echinometrin: a novel mast cell degranulating peptide from the coelomic liquid of Echinometra lucunter sea urchin.
A Golgi-localized MATE transporter mediates iron homoeostasis under osmotic stress in Arabidopsis.
Myocyte enhancer factor (MEF) 2C: a tissue-restricted member of the MEF-2 family of transcription factors.
ALL-1 is a histone methyltransferase that assembles a supercomplex of proteins involved in transcriptional regulation.
Multiple organellar RNA editing factor (MORF) family proteins are required for RNA editing in mitochondria and plastids of plants.
Fluconazole resistance associated with drug efflux and increased transcription of a drug transporter gene, PDH1, in Candida glabrata.
Mediation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-dependent DNA replication through a conserved p21(Cip1)-like PCNA-binding motif present in the third subunit of human DNA polymerase delta.
Mutation in the mismatch repair gene Msh6 causes cancer susceptibility.
Identification and cloning of a CD43-associated serine/threonine kinase.
PIWI Slicing and EXD1 Drive Biogenesis of Nuclear piRNAs from Cytosolic Targets of the Mouse piRNA Pathway.
A new easter-type serine protease cleaves a masquerade-like protein during prophenoloxidase activation in Holotrichia diomphalia larvae.
Cornichons control ER export of AMPA receptors to regulate synaptic excitability.
Identification and characterization of inebriated, a gene affecting neuronal excitability in Drosophila.
Lysine biosynthesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: mechanism of alpha-aminoadipate reductase (Lys2) involves posttranslational phosphopantetheinylation by Lys5.
Isolation of Arabidopsis genes that differentiate between resistance responses mediated by the RPS2 and RPM1 disease resistance genes.
A novel MYB-related gene from Arabidopsis thaliana expressed in developing anthers.
Modulation of CYP79 genes and glucosinolate profiles in Arabidopsis by defense signaling pathways.
Isolation and characterization of Conohyal-P1, a hyaluronidase from the injected venom of Conus purpurascens.
Multiple astrocyte transcripts encode nigral trophic factors in rat and human.
Genomic sequence and analysis of the atypical temperate bacteriophage N15.
p38 is essential for the assembly and stability of macromolecular tRNA synthetase complex: implications for its physiological significance.
Selective expression of PDGF A and its receptor during early mouse embryogenesis.
Juvenile hormone acid methyltransferase: a key regulatory enzyme for insect metamorphosis.
The B-cell-specific Oct-2 protein contains POU box- and homeo box-type domains.
The Mediator complex in plants: structure, phylogeny, and expression profiling of representative genes in a dicot (Arabidopsis) and a monocot (rice) during reproduction and abiotic stress.
Abnormal heart development and lung remodeling in mice lacking the hypoxia-inducible factor-related basic helix-loop-helix PAS protein NEPAS.
Alternatively spliced transcripts from the Drosophila eIF4E gene produce two different Cap-binding proteins.
Molecular identification and functional expression of mu 3, a novel alternatively spliced variant of the human mu opiate receptor gene.
cDNA cloning and mapping of a novel islet-brain/JNK-interacting protein.
Cloning of the Candida albicans nucleoside transporter by complementation of nucleoside transport-deficient Saccharomyces.
Ric-8B, an olfactory putative GTP exchange factor, amplifies signal transduction through the olfactory-specific G-protein Galphaolf.
Identification of a novel gene, MASL1, within an amplicon at 8p23.1 detected in malignant fibrous histiocytomas by comparative genomic hybridization.
p493F12 kinase: a novel MAP kinase expressed in a subset of neurons in the human nervous system.
Arabidopsis genes encoding mitochondrial type II NAD(P)H dehydrogenases have different evolutionary origin and show distinct responses to light.
Identification of a novel HLA-F allele - HLA-F*010102.
Mammalian GLD-2 homologs are poly(A) polymerases.
Integrative genomics identifies MCU as an essential component of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter.
Embryonic expression of eph signalling factors in Xenopus.
Substrate recognition and catalysis by the cofactor-independent dioxygenase DpgC.
Orphanin FQ: a neuropeptide that activates an opioidlike G protein-coupled receptor.
Lasioglossins: three novel antimicrobial peptides from the venom of the eusocial bee Lasioglossum laticeps (Hymenoptera: Halictidae).
The canine HMGA1.
Agrobacterium T-DNA integration into the plant genome can occur without the activity of key non-homologous end-joining proteins.
Structural Basis for Avoidance of Promutagenic DNA Repair by MutY Adenine DNA Glycosylase.
Characterization of a cDNA clone coding for human testis membrane cofactor protein (MCP, CD46).
Sea anemone toxin (ATX II) modulation of heart and skeletal muscle sodium channel alpha-subunits expressed in tsA201 cells.
Region-specific variation of gene expression in the human epididymis as revealed by in situ hybridization with tissue-specific cDNAs.
Arabidopsis emb175 and other ppr knockout mutants reveal essential roles for pentatricopeptide repeat (PPR) proteins in plant embryogenesis.
Novel truncated isoform of SK3 potassium channel is a potent dominant-negative regulator of SK currents: implications in schizophrenia.
Subunit composition of brain voltage-gated potassium channels determined by hongotoxin-1, a novel peptide derived from Centruroides limbatus venom.
An activating immunoreceptor complex formed by NKG2D and DAP10.
Exposure of KS483 cells to estrogen enhances osteogenesis and inhibits adipogenesis.
JLP: A scaffolding protein that tethers JNK/p38MAPK signaling modules and transcription factors.
Structural determinants and cellular environment define processed actin as the sole substrate of the N-terminal acetyltransferase NAA80.
Enzymatic processing of fumiquinazoline F: a tandem oxidative-acylation strategy for the generation of multicyclic scaffolds in fungal indole alkaloid biosynthesis.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. III. The coding sequences of 40 new genes (KIAA0081-KIAA0120) deduced by analysis of cDNA clones from human cell line KG-1.
Mass spectrometric-based revision of the structure of a cysteine-rich peptide toxin with gamma-carboxyglutamic acid, TxVIIA, from the sea snail, Conus textile.
Ghrelin octanoylation mediated by an orphan lipid transferase.
Genomic structure and transcriptional regulation of Che-1, a novel partner of Rb.
De Novo Variants in GRIA4 Lead to Intellectual Disability with or without Seizures and Gait Abnormalities.
The overexpression and complete amino acid sequence of Escherichia coli 3-dehydroquinase.
Purification, cloning and characterization of fragaceatoxin C, a novel actinoporin from the sea anemone Actinia fragacea.
Pink1 regulates mitochondrial dynamics through interaction with the fission/fusion machinery.
Structures of the human eIF4E homologous protein, h4EHP, in its m7GTP-bound and unliganded forms.
A plant germline-specific integrator of sperm specification and cell cycle progression.
Structure of the human Nkx2.1 gene.
Extensive de novo sequencing of new parvalbumin isoforms using a novel combination of bottom-up proteomics, accurate molecular mass measurement by FTICR-MS, and selected MS/MS ion monitoring.
The Caenorhabditis elegans unc-60 gene encodes proteins homologous to a family of actin-binding proteins.
The INA complex facilitates assembly of the peripheral stalk of the mitochondrial F1Fo-ATP synthase.
Structural comparison between the mitochondrial aralkyl-CoA and arylacetyl-CoA N-acyltransferases.
RAC3, a steroid/nuclear receptor-associated coactivator that is related to SRC-1 and TIF2.
Amino-acid sequence of toxin I from Anemonia sulcata.
Molecular cloning, genomic characterization and expression of novel human alpha1A-adrenoceptor isoforms.
Distinct expression, localization and function of two Rab7 proteins encoded by paralogous genes in a free-living model eukaryote.
Identification of cDNAs encoding two novel nuclear proteins, IMUP-1 and IMUP-2, upregulated in SV40-immortalized human fibroblasts.
Splicing isoforms of rat Ash/Grb2. Isolation and characterization of the cDNA and genomic DNA clones and implications for the physiological roles of the isoforms.
Pax 8 expression in primary cultured dog thyrocyte is increased by cyclic AMP.
The Arabidopsis elch mutant reveals functions of an ESCRT component in cytokinesis.
Fine mapping of a major QTL for flag leaf width in rice, qFLW4, which might be caused by alternative splicing of NAL1.
Novel proline-hydroxyproline glycopeptides from the dandelion (Taraxacum officinale Wigg.) flowers: de novo sequencing and biological activity.
The NAC-like gene ANTHER INDEHISCENCE FACTOR acts as a repressor that controls anther dehiscence by regulating genes in the jasmonate biosynthesis pathway in Arabidopsis.
Approaching a complete repository of sequence-verified protein-encoding clones for Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Effect of the recU suppressors sms and subA on DNA repair and homologous recombination in Bacillus subtilis.
A battery of transcription factors involved in the regulation of secondary cell wall biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
Purification and partial characterization of two cytolysins from a tropical sea anemone, Heteractis magnifica.
Non-essential KDO biosynthesis and new essential cell envelope biogenesis genes in the Escherichia coli yrbG-yhbG locus.
Characterization of the transcripts encoding two isoforms of human microtubule-associated protein-2 (MAP-2).
Demethylesterification of cell wall pectins in Arabidopsis plays a role in seed germination.
An exo-beta-(1,3)-glucanase of Candida albicans: purification of the enzyme and molecular cloning of the gene.
cDNA structure of the mouse and rat subtilisin/kexin-like PC5: a candidate proprotein convertase expressed in endocrine and nonendocrine cells.
Differential palmitoylation directs the AMPA receptor-binding protein ABP to spines or to intracellular clusters.
Comparative genomic sequence analysis of the human chromosome 21 Down syndrome critical region.
A R2R3-type MYB gene, OsMYB2, is involved in salt, cold, and dehydration tolerance in rice.
Identification and purification of a conserved heme-regulated hemoglobin-binding outer membrane protein from Haemophilus ducreyi.
Meis1, a PBX1-related homeobox gene involved in myeloid leukemia in BXH-2 mice.
Mammalian DNA ligase III: molecular cloning, chromosomal localization, and expression in spermatocytes undergoing meiotic recombination.
Cloning of MafG homologue from the rat brain by differential display and its expression after hypercapnic stimulation.
Molecular characterization of two novel alternative spliced variants of the KLRF1 gene and subcellular distribution of KLRF1 isoforms.
AtSIA1 AND AtOSA1: two Abc1 proteins involved in oxidative stress responses and iron distribution within chloroplasts.
NOR-2 (neuron-derived orphan receptor), a brain zinc finger protein, is highly induced during liver regeneration.
The expanding functions of cellular helicases: the tombusvirus RNA replication enhancer co-opts the plant eIF4AIII-like AtRH2 and the DDX5-like AtRH5 DEAD-box RNA helicases to promote viral asymmetric RNA replication.
PICH, a centromere-associated SNF2 family ATPase, is regulated by Plk1 and required for the spindle checkpoint.
Cytotoxicity and glycan-binding profile of a D-galactose-binding lectin from the eggs of a Japanese sea hare (Aplysia kurodai).
Unprecedented multiplicity of Ig transmembrane and secretory mRNA forms in the cartilaginous fish.
The C. elegans RSA complex localizes protein phosphatase 2A to centrosomes and regulates mitotic spindle assembly.
Of Fox and Frogs: Fox (fork head/winged helix) transcription factors in Xenopus development.
Low-light-adapted Prochlorococcus species possess specific antennae for each photosystem.
Dentin matrix protein 4, a novel secretory calcium-binding protein that modulates odontoblast differentiation.
Molecular characterization of recombinant mouse adenosine kinase and evaluation as a target for protein phosphorylation.
High-resolution structure of myo-inositol monophosphatase, the putative target of lithium therapy.
Expression pattern of inositol phosphate-related enzymes in rice (Oryza sativa L.): implications for the phytic acid biosynthetic pathway.
Identification of pollen-expressed pectin methylesterase inhibitors in Arabidopsis.
Purification and characterization of the human epidermal fatty acid-binding protein: localization during epidermal cell differentiation in vivo and in vitro.
Structure, adsorption to host, and infection mechanism of virulent lactococcal phage p2.
Infectious salmon anemia virus--genetics and pathogenesis.
The ubiquitin ligase Phr1 regulates axon outgrowth through modulation of microtubule dynamics.
The rat and mouse homologues of MASP-2 and MAp19, components of the lectin activation pathway of complement.
Increased enzyme activity and beta-adrenergic mediated vasodilation in subjects expressing a single-nucleotide variant of human adenylyl cyclase 6.
A major role for the plastid-encoded RNA polymerase complex in the expression of plastid transfer RNAs.
DOLICHOL PHOSPHATE MANNOSE SYNTHASE1 mediates the biogenesis of isoprenyl-linked glycans and influences development, stress response, and ammonium hypersensitivity in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a family of human F-box proteins.
Functional analysis of the secretory precursor processing machinery of Bacillus subtilis: identification of a eubacterial homolog of archaeal and eukaryotic signal peptidases.
NRPS-Derived Isoquinolines and Lipopetides Mediate Antagonism between Plant Pathogenic Fungi and Bacteria.
Cloning and sequencing of the genes of 2-hydoxyglutaryl-CoA dehydratase from Acidaminococcus fermentans.
Drosophila immunity: a large-scale in vivo RNAi screen identifies five serine proteases required for Toll activation.
Regulation of expression of the human MTH1 gene encoding 8-oxo-dGTPase. Alternative splicing of transcription products.
[Amino acid sequence of neurotoxins IV and V from the sea anemone Radianthus macrodactylus].
Folate biosynthesis in higher plants. cDNA cloning, heterologous expression, and characterization of dihydroneopterin aldolases.
Identification of nuclear/nucleolar localization signal in Aplysia learning associated protein of slug with a molecular mass of 18 kDa homologous protein.
Annotation of the Drosophila melanogaster euchromatic genome: a systematic review.
An alternative route for UDP-diacylglucosamine hydrolysis in bacterial lipid A biosynthesis.
Recruitment of human muscleblind proteins to (CUG)(n) expansions associated with myotonic dystrophy.
Purification and characterization of novel kininogens from spotted wolffish and Atlantic cod.
Human ARF protein interacts with topoisomerase I and stimulates its activity.
Caenorhabditis elegans mitofilin homologs control the morphology of mitochondrial cristae and influence reproduction and physiology.
Structural basis of cyanobacterial photosystem II Inhibition by the herbicide terbutryn.
In vitro reconstitution of Mycobacterial ergothioneine biosynthesis.
Gibberellin biosynthetic pathway in Gibberella fujikuroi: evidence for a gene cluster.
Expression, purification, and ligand-binding analysis of recombinant keratinocyte lipid-binding protein (MAL-1), an intracellular lipid-binding found overexpressed in neoplastic skin cells.
Molecular cloning of cDNA for double-stranded RNA adenosine deaminase, a candidate enzyme for nuclear RNA editing.
Cloning and functional expression of ASIC-beta2, a splice variant of ASIC-beta.
Molecular characterization and crystallization of Diocleinae lectins.
Mechanistic understanding of Pyrococcus horikoshii Dph2, a [4Fe-4S] enzyme required for diphthamide biosynthesis.
A functional analysis of the pyrimidine catabolic pathway in Arabidopsis.
Expression and characterization of a Bifidobacterium adolescentis beta-mannanase carrying mannan-binding and cell association motifs.
Xenopus Pax-2 displays multiple splice forms during embryogenesis and pronephric kidney development.
Identification of a competitive HGF antagonist encoded by an alternative transcript.
Hydrophobic ice-binding sites confer hyperactivity of an antifreeze protein from a snow mold fungus.
Meis2, a novel mouse Pbx-related homeobox gene induced by retinoic acid during differentiation of P19 embryonal carcinoma cells.
DyP-like peroxidases of the jelly fungus Auricularia auricula-judae oxidize nonphenolic lignin model compounds and high-redox potential dyes.
pqiABC and yebST, Putative mce Operons of Escherichia coli, Encode Transport Pathways and Contribute to Membrane Integrity.
The forever young gene encodes an oxidoreductase required for proper development of the Arabidopsis vegetative shoot apex.
Isolation and characterization of the Escherichia coli msbB gene, a multicopy suppressor of null mutations in the high-temperature requirement gene htrB.
The Aspergillus fumigatus protein GliK protects against oxidative stress and is essential for gliotoxin biosynthesis.
Sterol uptake induced by an impairment of pyridoxal phosphate synthesis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: cloning and sequencing of the PDX3 gene encoding pyridoxine (pyridoxamine) phosphate oxidase.
Complementary DNA for the mouse homolog of the human amyloid beta protein precursor.
Identification of HE1 as the second gene of Niemann-Pick C disease.
Molecular and biological characterization of interferon-γ-inducible-lysosomal thiol reductase gene in zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Isolation of new temperature-sensitive mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae deficient in mannose outer chain elongation.
Inhibition of gonadotropin-releasing hormone receptor signaling by expression of a splice variant of the human receptor.
The malaria vector mosquito Anopheles gambiae expresses a suite of larval-specific defensin genes.
Cyclolization of D-lysergic acid alkaloid peptides.
A genomic analysis of membrane trafficking and neurotransmitter release in Drosophila.
KCNQ2 and KCNQ3 potassium channel subunits: molecular correlates of the M-channel.
The sequence of a 16,691 bp segment of Saccharomyces cerevisiae chromosome IV identifies the DUN1, PMT1, PMT5, SRP14 and DPR1 genes, and five new open reading frames.
Focal adhesion protein-tyrosine kinase phosphorylated in response to cell attachment to fibronectin.
Identification and characterization of a novel mouse and human MOPT gene containing MORN-motif protein in testis.
Structural and expression analyses of normal and mutant mRNA encoding glycine decarboxylase: three-base deletion in mRNA causes nonketotic hyperglycinemia.
Alternatively spliced exons encode the tissue-specific 5' termini of leukocyte pp52 and stromal cell S37 mRNA isoforms.
rib-2, a Caenorhabditis elegans homolog of the human tumor suppressor EXT genes encodes a novel alpha1,4-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase involved in the biosynthetic initiation and elongation of heparan sulfate.
Purification of a new dimeric protein from Cliona vastifica sponge, which specifically blocks a non-L-type calcium channel in mouse duodenal myocytes.
Distinct functions of natural ADAM-15 cytoplasmic domain variants in human mammary carcinoma.
Amino acid sequence of kappa-flavitoxin: establishment of a new family of snake venom neurotoxins.
A directed-overflow and damage-control N-glycosidase in riboflavin biosynthesis.
Shotgun sequencing of the human transcriptome with ORF expressed sequence tags.
Evidence against a role of mouse, rat, and two cloned human t1alpha isoforms as a water channel or a regulator of aquaporin-type water channels.
A novel endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT) component in Arabidopsis thaliana controls cell expansion and development.
Contribution of the 7β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase from Ruminococcus gnavus N53 to ursodeoxycholic acid formation in the human colon.
A mediator of singlet oxygen responses in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and Arabidopsis identified by a luciferase-based genetic screen in algal cells.
The bZIP transcription factor OsABF1 is an ABA responsive element binding factor that enhances abiotic stress signaling in rice.
Antifungal mechanism of a novel antifungal protein from pumpkin rinds against various fungal pathogens.
Interplay between Gliotoxin Resistance, Secretion, and the Methyl/Methionine Cycle in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Specific oxidative cleavage of carotenoids by VP14 of maize.
Cloning of the mouse dysferlin gene and genomic characterization of the SJL-Dysf mutation.
INVOLVED IN DE NOVO 2-containing complex involved in RNA-directed DNA methylation in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a novel death domain-containing adaptor molecule for ectodysplasin-A receptor that is mutated in crinkled mice.
Intersectin, a novel adaptor protein with two Eps15 homology and five Src homology 3 domains.
Analysis of the methionine biosynthetic pathway in the extremely thermophilic eubacterium Thermus thermophilus.
Structural organization of the human selenium-dependent phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase gene (GPX4): chromosomal localization to 19p13.3.
Rv2074 is a novel F420 H2 -dependent biliverdin reductase in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Isolation of a functional human gene for brain creatine kinase.
Alterations in CER6, a gene identical to CUT1, differentially affect long-chain lipid content on the surface of pollen and stems.
Characterization of three novel isoforms of the metabotrobic glutamate receptor 7 (GRM7).
Glycine oxidase from Bacillus subtilis. Characterization of a new flavoprotein.
Identification of new members of the (short) neuropeptide F family in locusts and Caenorhabditis elegans.
Rice C2-domain proteins are induced and translocated to the plasma membrane in response to a fungal elicitor.
Impaired water reabsorption in mice deficient in the type VI adenylyl cyclase (AC6).
nmb, a novel gene, is expressed in low-metastatic human melanoma cell lines and xenografts.
MADD, a novel death domain protein that interacts with the type 1 tumor necrosis factor receptor and activates mitogen-activated protein kinase.
The Neisseria lipooligosaccharide-specific alpha-2,3-sialyltransferase is a surface-exposed outer membrane protein.
Characterization of rice functional monosaccharide transporter, OsMST5.
DENN, a novel human gene differentially expressed in normal and neoplastic cells.
Mechanism of the sliding beta-clamp of DNA polymerase III holoenzyme.
Molecular phylogeny of a RING E3 ubiquitin ligase, conserved in eukaryotic cells and dominated by homologous components, the muskelin/RanBPM/CTLH complex.
BEACH-domain proteins act together in a cascade to mediate vacuolar protein trafficking and disease resistance in Arabidopsis.
A gene in the H-2S:H-2D interval of the major histocompatibility complex which is transcribed in B cells and macrophages.
Functional expression of five Arabidopsis fatty acyl-CoA reductase genes in Escherichia coli.
Genomic characterization of equine interleukin-4 receptor alpha-chain (IL4R).
Ganoderma lucidum: a source for novel bioactive lectin.
A direct sulfhydrylation pathway is used for methionine biosynthesis in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
The alternative product from the human CDKN2A locus, p14(ARF), participates in a regulatory feedback loop with p53 and MDM2.
Characterization of Kbot21 Reveals Novel Side Chain Interactions of Scorpion Toxins Inhibiting Voltage-Gated Potassium Channels.
Cloning and characterization of mammalian homologs of the Drosophila dunce+ gene.
Characterization and expression of three novel differentiation-related genes belong to the human NDRG gene family.
Molecular Pathway of Microtubule Organization at the Golgi Apparatus.
Drosophila filamin encoded by the cheerio locus is a component of ovarian ring canals.
Systems and trans-system level analysis identifies conserved iron deficiency responses in the plant lineage.
Cloning of three Caenorhabditis elegans genes potentially encoding novel matrix metalloproteinases.
Annotation of novel neuropeptide precursors in the migratory locust based on transcript screening of a public EST database and mass spectrometry.
Purification and properties of phosphoribosyl-diphosphate synthetase from Bacillus subtilis.
Molecular cloning, genomic organization, and mapping of PRKAG2, a heart abundant gamma2 subunit of 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase, to human chromosome 7q36.
A prominent glycyl radical enzyme in human gut microbiomes metabolizes <i>trans</i>-4-hydroxy-l-proline.
Phosphorylase kinase deficiency in I-strain mice is associated with a frameshift mutation in the alpha subunit muscle isoform.
The Deubiquitinase USP47 Stabilizes MAPK by Counteracting the Function of the N-end Rule ligase POE/UBR4 in Drosophila.
Isolation of a diverged homeobox gene, MOX1, from the BRCA1 region on 17q21 by solution hybrid capture.
Isolation of COV1, a gene involved in the regulation of vascular patterning in the stem of Arabidopsis.
Nucleotide sequence of the gene for the gamma chain of human fibrinogen.
Two novel proteins, MRL7 and its paralog MRL7-L, have essential but functionally distinct roles in chloroplast development and are involved in plastid gene expression regulation in Arabidopsis.
RFX1, a transactivator of hepatitis B virus enhancer I, belongs to a novel family of homodimeric and heterodimeric DNA-binding proteins.
Recent advances in understanding chromatin remodeling by Swi/Snf complexes.
Carboxyl-terminal 15-amino acid sequence of NFATx1 is possibly created by tissue-specific splicing and is essential for transactivation activity in T cells.
Distinct activities of novel neurotoxins from Australian venomous snakes for nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Combinatorial effects of splice variants modulate function of Aiolos.
Functional characterization of a plastidial omega-3 desaturase from sunflower (Helianthus annuus) in cyanobacteria.
A Drosophila protein that imparts directionality on a chromatin insulator is an enhancer of position-effect variegation.
Selective degradation of excess Ldb1 by Rnf12/RLIM confers proper Ldb1 expression levels and Xlim-1/Ldb1 stoichiometry in Xenopus organizer functions.
Vid24p, a novel protein localized to the fructose-1, 6-bisphosphatase-containing vesicles, regulates targeting of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase from the vesicles to the vacuole for degradation.
Nucleotide sequence and analysis of the phoB-rrnE-groESL region of the Bacillus subtilis chromosome.
Molecular cloning and characterization of NESP55, a novel chromogranin-like precursor of a peptide with 5-HT1B receptor antagonist activity.
Mouse homolog of KIAA0143 protein: hearing deficit induces specific changes of expression in auditory brainstem neurons.
ncl-1 is required for the regulation of cell size and ribosomal RNA synthesis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Expression and regulation of Xenopus CRMP-4 in the developing nervous system.
Properties of the selenium- and molybdenum-containing nicotinic acid hydroxylase from Clostridium barkeri.
DDX39, upregulated in lung squamous cell cancer, displays RNA helicase activities and promotes cancer cell growth.
Molecular cloning, functional characterization and expression analysis of a novel monosaccharide transporter gene OsMST6 from rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Cloning and characterization of deoxymugineic acid synthase genes from graminaceous plants.
Isolation and characterization of 27-O-demethylrifamycin SV methyltransferase provides new insights into the post-PKS modification steps during the biosynthesis of the antitubercular drug rifamycin B by Amycolatopsis mediterranei S699.
Genomic organization of human neuropilin-1 and neuropilin-2 genes: identification and distribution of splice variants and soluble isoforms.
Multiple alternative splicing of mouse Dmrt1 during gonadal differentiation.
Cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding a human brain potassium channel.
Purification, characterization and gene cloning of 6-hydroxynicotinate 3-monooxygenase from Pseudomonas fluorescens TN5.
Roles of NR2A and NR2B in the development of dendritic arbor morphology in vivo.
Four tissue-specific mouse ltk mRNAs predict tyrosine kinases that differ upstream of their transmembrane segment.
The neurofibromatosis 2 tumor suppressor protein interacts with hepatocyte growth factor-regulated tyrosine kinase substrate.
Cloning and functional expression of an esterase gene in Aspergillus parasitcus.
Identification of a novel exon in apolipoprotein E receptor 2 leading to alternatively spliced mRNAs found in cells of the vascular wall but not in neuronal tissue.
An ascidian homolog of vertebrate iodothyronine deiodinases.
Depolymerization of alginate into a monomeric sugar acid using Alg17C, an exo-oligoalginate lyase cloned from Saccharophagus degradans 2-40.
Functional characterization and evolution of the isotuberculosinol operon in Mycobacterium tuberculosis and related Mycobacteria.
Transcription initiation sites of the leucine operons of Salmonella typhimurium and Escherichia coli.
A Na+/Ca2+ exchanger-like protein (AtNCL) involved in salt stress in Arabidopsis.
The NFP locus of Medicago truncatula controls an early step of Nod factor signal transduction upstream of a rapid calcium flux and root hair deformation.
Lectin activity of the nucleocytoplasmic EUL protein from Arabidopsis thaliana.
TRAP transporters: a new family of periplasmic solute transport systems encoded by the dctPQM genes of Rhodobacter capsulatus and by homologs in diverse gram-negative bacteria.
[The primary structure of crotamine (author's transl)].
The male-specific region of the human Y chromosome is a mosaic of discrete sequence classes.
M17: a novel gene expressed in germinal centers.
Whole-exome sequencing reveals LRP5 mutations and canonical Wnt signaling associated with hepatic cystogenesis.
Identification of chicken and C. elegans fibulin-1 homologs and characterization of the C. elegans fibulin-1 gene.
Functional analysis of a putative Dothistromin toxin MFS transporter gene.
Characterization of the chicken CD200 receptor family.
Identification and distribution of different mRNA variants produced by differential splicing in the human phosphodiesterase 9A gene.
Molecular cloning and development analysis of a new glutamate receptor subunit isoform in cerebellum.
The maize INDETERMINATE1 flowering time regulator defines a highly conserved zinc finger protein family in higher plants.
Formation of conjugated delta8,delta10-double bonds by delta12-oleic-acid desaturase-related enzymes: biosynthetic origin of calendic acid.
EsiB, a novel pathogenic Escherichia coli secretory immunoglobulin A-binding protein impairing neutrophil activation.
A new type V toxin-antitoxin system where mRNA for toxin GhoT is cleaved by antitoxin GhoS.
Proteomic analysis of the cell-surface membrane in chronic lymphocytic leukemia: identification of two novel proteins, BCNP1 and MIG2B.
Structure of the murine Ia-associated invariant (Ii) chain as deduced from a cDNA clone.
Cloning and expression of a long form of the beta subunit of the interferon alpha beta receptor that is required for signaling.
GGAs: a family of ADP ribosylation factor-binding proteins related to adaptors and associated with the Golgi complex.
Molecular genetic analysis of the orsellinic acid/F9775 gene cluster of Aspergillus nidulans.
Cloning of higher plant omega-3 fatty acid desaturases.
HuD, a paraneoplastic encephalomyelitis antigen, contains RNA-binding domains and is homologous to Elav and Sex-lethal.
Complete cDNA sequence and tissue localization of N-RAP, a novel nebulin-related protein of striated muscle.
Characterization of katD, a kinesin-like protein gene specifically expressed in floral tissues of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Crystal Structure of the Golgi-Associated Human Nα-Acetyltransferase 60 Reveals the Molecular Determinants for Substrate-Specific Acetylation.
WCI, a novel wheat chymotrypsin inhibitor: purification, primary structure, inhibitory properties and heterologous expression.
Araport11: a complete reannotation of the Arabidopsis thaliana reference genome.
Proteins homologous to p47phox and p67phox support superoxide production by NAD(P)H oxidase 1 in colon epithelial cells.
Genomic structure and chromosomal localization of the mouse gene Punc.
Fibulin-1C and Fibulin-1D splice variants have distinct functions and assemble in a hemicentin-dependent manner.
Identification and expression cloning of a leptin receptor, OB-R.
Heterologous transposon tagging of the DRL1 locus in Arabidopsis.
Multivalent ligand-receptor binding interactions in the fibroblast growth factor system produce a cooperative growth factor and heparin mechanism for receptor dimerization.
Reactivity of primary biliary cirrhosis sera with a human fetal liver cDNA clone of branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase dihydrolipoamide acyltransferase, the 52 kD mitochondrial autoantigen.
Mena, a relative of VASP and Drosophila Enabled, is implicated in the control of microfilament dynamics.
Nucleolar GTPase NOG-1 regulates development, fat storage, and longevity through insulin/IGF signaling in C. elegans.
Glucosylglycerate Phosphorylase, an Enzyme with Novel Specificity Involved in Compatible Solute Metabolism.
The cyclophilin component of the unactivated estrogen receptor contains a tetratricopeptide repeat domain and shares identity with p59 (FKBP59).
Identification and characterization of the single channel function of human mucolipin-1 implicated in mucolipidosis type IV, a disorder affecting the lysosomal pathway.
maternally expressed gene1 Is a novel maize endosperm transfer cell-specific gene with a maternal parent-of-origin pattern of expression.
Toca-1 mediates Cdc42-dependent actin nucleation by activating the N-WASP-WIP complex.
Cloning and characterization of a human c-myc promoter-binding protein.
Kielin/chordin-like protein, a novel enhancer of BMP signaling, attenuates renal fibrotic disease.
A second functional delta5 fatty acid desaturase in the cellular slime mould Dictyostelium discoideum.
Alternative splicing of the mRNA coding for the human endothelial angiotensin-converting enzyme: a new mechanism for solubilization.
A new cytolysin from the sea anemone, Heteractis magnifica: isolation, cDNA cloning and functional expression.
The mannitol operon repressor MtlR belongs to a new class of transcription regulators in bacteria.
Identification and cornification-related gene expression of canine keratinocyte differentiation-associated protein, Kdap.
TGF-beta-activated kinase 1 stimulates NF-kappa B activation by an NF-kappa B-inducing kinase-independent mechanism.
Molecular and cellular characterization of Mex-/methylation-resistant phenotype. Gene and cDNA cloning, serum dependence, and tumor suppression of transfectant strains.
Broad nucleotide cofactor specificity of DNA ligase from the hyperthermophilic crenarchaeon Hyperthermus butylicus and its evolutionary significance.
The budding yeast proteins Spc24p and Spc25p interact with Ndc80p and Nuf2p at the kinetochore and are important for kinetochore clustering and checkpoint control.
Cofactor-independent phosphoglycerate mutase has an essential role in Caenorhabditis elegans and is conserved in parasitic nematodes.
Altered expression and deletion of RMO1 in osteosarcoma.
Cell-cycle-dependent alterations of a highly phosphorylated nucleolar protein p130 are associated with nucleologenesis.
Glucocorticoid-induced alternative promoter usage for a novel 5' variant of granzyme A.
An alternative splicing product of the lamin A/C gene lacks exon 10.
Role of human Pso4 in mammalian DNA repair and association with terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase.
1H, 13C, and 15N backbone and side-chain chemical shift assignment of the staphylococcal MazF mRNA interferase.
Transcriptional analysis of a novel cluster of LY-6 family members in the human and mouse major histocompatibility complex: five genes with many splice forms.
Transcriptional control of ROS homeostasis by KUODA1 regulates cell expansion during leaf development.
The cloning and developmental expression of unconventional myosin IXA (MYO9A) a gene in the Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS4) region at chromosome 15q22-q23.
Interactive cloning with the SH3 domain of N-src identifies a new brain specific ion channel protein, with homology to eag and cyclic nucleotide-gated channels.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis WhiB3 responds to O2 and nitric oxide via its [4Fe-4S] cluster and is essential for nutrient starvation survival.
Organization and transcriptional regulation of the Escherichia coli K-12 D-serine tolerance locus.
Expression of a novel pyridoxal kinase mRNA splice variant, PKH-T, in human testis.
Kbtbd5 is regulated by MyoD and restricted to the myogenic lineage.
A 'golden' SNP in CmOr governs the fruit flesh color of melon (Cucumis melo).
A new orphan member of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily that interacts with a subset of retinoic acid response elements.
Enzyme-catalyzed acylation of homoserine: mechanistic characterization of the Escherichia coli metA-encoded homoserine transsuccinylase.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe homologue of glutathione peroxidase, which does not contain selenocysteine, is induced by several stresses and works as an antioxidant.
Insights into mitochondrial fatty acid synthesis from the structure of heterotetrameric 3-ketoacyl-ACP reductase/3R-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase.
cDNA cloning, heterologous expressions, and functional characterization of malonyl-coenzyme a:anthocyanidin 3-o-glucoside-6"-o-malonyltransferase from dahlia flowers.
Delta 12-oleate desaturase-related enzymes associated with formation of conjugated trans-delta 11, cis-delta 13 double bonds.
Rapid evolution of variants in a rodent multigene family encoding salivary proteins.
Isolation, identification and characterization of the FUN12 gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A human forkhead/winged-helix transcription factor expressed in developing pulmonary and renal epithelium.
Plants Possess a Cyclic Mitochondrial Metabolic Pathway similar to the Mammalian Metabolic Repair Mechanism Involving Malate Dehydrogenase and l-2-Hydroxyglutarate Dehydrogenase.
Characterization of an exported monoglyceride lipase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis possibly involved in the metabolism of host cell membrane lipids.
Relationship between novel isoforms, functionally important domains, and subcellular distribution of CD164/endolyn.
Plasma and cytoplasmic gelsolins are encoded by a single gene and contain a duplicated actin-binding domain.
The characterization of a human RHAMM cDNA: conservation of the hyaluronan-binding domains.
A family of AMPA-selective glutamate receptors.
Cross-regulation between two common ancestral response regulators, HprR and CusR, in Escherichia coli.
Identification and characterization of rat AILIM/ICOS, a novel T-cell costimulatory molecule, related to the CD28/CTLA4 family.
A novel human homologue of yeast nucleosome assembly protein, 65 kb centromeric to the p57KIP2 gene, is biallelically expressed in fetal and adult tissues.
Cloning and functional characterization of human heteromeric N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors.
A novel lipid binding protein is a factor required for MgATP stimulation of the squid nerve Na+/Ca2+ exchanger.
An oleate 12-hydroxylase from Ricinus communis L. is a fatty acyl desaturase homolog.
Purification, structure-function analysis, and molecular characterization of novel linear peptides from scorpion Opisthacanthus madagascariensis.
Mutations of the multi-drug resistance-associated protein ABC transporter gene 5 result in reduction of phytic acid in rice seeds.
Impact of LytR-CpsA-Psr Proteins on Cell Wall Biosynthesis in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Characterization and cloning of the E11 antigen, a marker expressed by rat osteoblasts and osteocytes.
Molecular cloning and expression of cDNAs encoding human alpha-mannosidase II and a previously unrecognized alpha-mannosidase IIx isozyme.
Deoxyhypusine hydroxylase from Plasmodium vivax, the neglected human malaria parasite: molecular cloning, expression and specific inhibition by the 5-LOX inhibitor zileuton.
DJBP: a novel DJ-1-binding protein, negatively regulates the androgen receptor by recruiting histone deacetylase complex, and DJ-1 antagonizes this inhibition by abrogation of this complex.
A small zinc finger thylakoid protein plays a role in maintenance of photosystem II in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular structure and expression of shaker type potassium channels in glial cells of trout CNS.
Protein phosphatase type-2C isozymes present in vertebrate retinae: purification, characterization, and localization in photoreceptors.
The human homologue of the yeast Prt1 protein is an integral part of the eukaryotic initiation factor 3 complex and interacts with p170.
Molecular cloning and chromosomal assignment of the human brain-type phosphodiesterase I/nucleotide pyrophosphatase gene (PDNP2).
Characterization of the product of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene using the doxycycline dependent Tet-on system in Aspergillus terreus.
Expression zones of three novel genes abut the developing anterior neural plate of Xenopus embryo.
Structure of the human 3-methyladenine DNA glycosylase gene and localization close to the 16p telomere.
Identification of MAIN, a factor involved in genome stability in the meristems of Arabidopsis thaliana.
The SND proteins constitute an alternative targeting route to the endoplasmic reticulum.
The human cot proto-oncogene encodes two protein serine/threonine kinases with different transforming activities by alternative initiation of translation.
Biochemical analysis of torso and D-raf during Drosophila embryogenesis: implications for terminal signal transduction.
Mutation of Growth Arrest Specific 8 Reveals a Role in Motile Cilia Function and Human Disease.
Isolation and properties of 5-aminolevulinate synthase from the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Identification and characterization of a monofunctional glycosyltransferase from Staphylococcus aureus.
Mouse H-Y encoding Smcy gene and its X chromosomal homolog Smcx.
Multiple species of myeloperoxidase messenger RNAs produced by alternative splicing and differential polyadenylation.
Sequencing of chromosome I from Saccharomyces cerevisiae: analysis of a 32 kb region between the LTE1 and SPO7 genes.
The metal transporter SMF-3/DMT-1 mediates aluminum-induced dopamine neuron degeneration.
Crystal structure of the Acidaminococcus fermentans 2-hydroxyglutaryl-CoA dehydratase component A.
Biosynthesis of the 5-(Aminomethyl)-3-furanmethanol moiety of methanofuran.
Identification of a new diterpene biosynthetic gene cluster that produces O-methylkolavelool in Herpetosiphon aurantiacus.
Isolation and characterization of the pyruvate-ferredoxin oxidoreductase from the sulfate-reducing bacterium Desulfovibrio africanus.
A receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase phosphorylates the host target RIN4, leading to the activation of a plant innate immune receptor.
Actions of sea anemone type 1 neurotoxins on voltage-gated sodium channel isoforms.
MD-2, a molecule that confers lipopolysaccharide responsiveness on Toll-like receptor 4.
D-amino acid N-acetyltransferase of Saccharomyces cerevisiae: a close homologue of histone acetyltransferase Hpa2p acting exclusively on free D-amino acids.
Structural analysis of the L-methionine gamma-lyase gene from Pseudomonas putida.
Molecular cloning and characterization of CALP/KChIP4, a novel EF-hand protein interacting with presenilin 2 and voltage-gated potassium channel subunit Kv4.
Kinetic and stereochemical studies of manno-oligosaccharide hydrolysis catalysed by beta-mannanases from Trichoderma reesei.
Evidence for an ABC-type riboflavin transporter system in pathogenic spirochetes.
HEAT-INDUCED TAS1 TARGET1 Mediates Thermotolerance via HEAT STRESS TRANSCRIPTION FACTOR A1a-Directed Pathways in Arabidopsis.
Cloning, nucleotide sequencing, and expression in Escherichia coli of a lipase and its activator genes from Pseudomonas sp. KWI-56.
Characterization of the locus encoding the [Ni-Fe] sulfhydrogenase from the archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus: evidence for a relationship to bacterial sulfite reductases.
The EH and SH3 domain Ese proteins regulate endocytosis by linking to dynamin and Eps15.
Expression of three alternative acetylcholinesterase messenger RNAs in human tumor cell lines of different tissue origins.
Homolog of tocopherol C methyltransferases catalyzes N methylation in anticancer alkaloid biosynthesis.
Expression of two distinct homologues of Xenopus Max during early development.
Mutations at the mouse microphthalmia locus are associated with defects in a gene encoding a novel basic-helix-loop-helix-zipper protein.
IL-28, IL-29 and their class II cytokine receptor IL-28R.
Structural organization of the human MS4A gene cluster on Chromosome 11q12.
Effects of the SANT domain of tension-induced/inhibited proteins (TIPs), novel partners of the histone acetyltransferase p300, on p300 activity and TIP-6-induced adipogenesis.
Inositol polyphosphate phosphatidylinositol 5-phosphatase9 (At5ptase9) controls plant salt tolerance by regulating endocytosis.
An isochorismate hydroxymutase isogene in Escherichia coli.
A family of ADP-ribosylation factor effectors that can alter membrane transport through the trans-Golgi.
Iron-regulated outer membrane protein OM2 of Vibrio anguillarum is encoded by virulence plasmid pJM1.
Ornithine cyclodeaminase-based proline production by Corynebacterium glutamicum.
The structure of the exopolyphosphatase (PPX) from Escherichia coli O157:H7 suggests a binding mode for long polyphosphate chains.
Assignment of the PSST subunit gene of human mitochondrial complex I to chromosome 19p13.
The role of FoxC1 in early Xenopus development.
The NCLX-type Na<sup>+</sup>/Ca<sup>2+</sup> Exchanger NCX-9 Is Required for Patterning of Neural Circuits in <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i>.
Expressed sequence tag analysis of human retina for the NEIBank Project: retbindin, an abundant, novel retinal cDNA and alternative splicing of other retina-preferred gene transcripts.
Expressed sequence tag analysis of adult human lens for the NEIBank Project: over 2000 non-redundant transcripts, novel genes and splice variants.
A calcium-binding protein that may be required for the initiation of chromosome replication in Escherichia coli.
Identification of a novel point mutation of mouse proto-oncogene c-kit through N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea mutagenesis.
Oracle, a novel PDZ-LIM domain protein expressed in heart and skeletal muscle.
Targeting of a human iron-sulfur cluster assembly enzyme, nifs, to different subcellular compartments is regulated through alternative AUG utilization.
Hsl7 is a substrate-specific type II protein arginine methyltransferase in yeast.
Identification of Rkr1, a nuclear RING domain protein with functional connections to chromatin modification in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
TURAN and EVAN mediate pollen tube reception in Arabidopsis Synergids through protein glycosylation.
Central nervous system, uterus, heart, and leukocyte expression of the LOXL3 gene, encoding a novel lysyl oxidase-like protein.
Identification and characterization of a nuclear scaffold protein that binds the matrix attachment region DNA.
Transcriptome analysis of Aspergillus fumigatus exposed to voriconazole.
Overexpression of MerT, the mercuric ion transport protein of transposon Tn501, and genetic selection of mercury hypersensitivity mutations.
Expression of a nonmyristylated variant of the catalytic subunit of protein kinase A during male germ-cell development.
Characterization and expression of monosaccharide transporters (osMSTs) in rice.
Gene expression analysis by ESTs sequencing of the Brazilian frog Phyllomedusa nordestina skin glands.
Identification of a myofibril-bound serine proteinase (MBSP) in the skeletal muscle of lizard fish Saurida wanieso which specifically cleaves the arginine site.
In-depth insight into in vivo apoplastic secretome of rice-Magnaporthe oryzae interaction.
Characterization of the 4-hydroxybenzoyl-coenzyme A thioesterase from Arthrobacter sp. strain SU.
Binding of muscarinic toxins MTx1 and MTx2 from the venom of the green mamba Dendroaspis angusticeps to cloned human muscarinic cholinoceptors.
Naphthalene dioxygenase: purification and properties of a terminal oxygenase component.
An ERF transcription factor in Medicago truncatula that is essential for Nod factor signal transduction.
Purification and molecular characterization of a novel mannose-specific lectin from Dioclea reflexa hook seeds with inflammatory activity.
Identification of a human achaete-scute homolog highly expressed in neuroendocrine tumors.
Molecular cloning and characterization of CT120, a novel membrane-associated gene involved in amino acid transport and glutathione metabolism.
Characterization of 16 novel human genes showing high similarity to yeast sequences.
Purification and properties of pyruvate kinase from Bacillus stearothermophilus.
A protein trap strategy to detect GFP-tagged proteins expressed from their endogenous loci in Drosophila.
The structure, function and distribution of the mouse TWIK-1 K+ channel.
Prediction and identification of sequences coding for orphan enzymes using genomic and metagenomic neighbours.
Molecular cloning of the cDNA encoding pp36, a tyrosine-phosphorylated adaptor protein selectively expressed by T cells and natural killer cells.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Rv2419c, the missing glucosyl-3-phosphoglycerate phosphatase for the second step in methylglucose lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis.
Arabidopsis PEX19 is a dimeric protein that binds the peroxin PEX10.
Nep1p (Emg1p), a novel protein conserved in eukaryotes and archaea, is involved in ribosome biogenesis.
Identification of a gene that complements an Arabidopsis mutant deficient in chloroplast omega 6 desaturase activity.
Engineered high content of ricinoleic acid in fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Crystal structure of the human, FIC-domain containing protein HYPE and implications for its functions.
A novel KH-domain protein mediates cell adhesion processes in Drosophila.
Chemical synthesis, 3D structure, and ASIC binding site of the toxin mambalgin-2.
OsLSD1, a rice zinc finger protein, regulates programmed cell death and callus differentiation.
Large scale identification of human hepatocellular carcinoma-associated antigens by autoantibodies.
Functional characterization of three G protein-coupled receptors for pigment dispersing factors in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Differential expression of two distinct functional isoforms of melanopsin (Opn4) in the mammalian retina.
MDC-L, a novel metalloprotease disintegrin cysteine-rich protein family member expressed by human lymphocytes.
The polycystic kidney disease 1 (PKD1) gene encodes a novel protein with multiple cell recognition domains.
Identification and functional analysis of 2-hydroxyflavanone C-glucosyltransferase in soybean (Glycine max).
Antiviral activity of lambda interferon in chickens.
Osmotically induced synthesis of the compatible solute hydroxyectoine is mediated by an evolutionarily conserved ectoine hydroxylase.
NILR-1, a novel immunoglobulin-like receptor expressed by neutrophilic granulocytes, is encoded by a leukocyte receptor gene complex on rat chromosome 1.
Complete amino acid sequence of globin chains and biological activity of fragmented crocodile hemoglobin (Crocodylus siamensis).
A Single Protein S-acyl Transferase Acts through Diverse Substrates to Determine Cryptococcal Morphology, Stress Tolerance, and Pathogenic Outcome.
Glycerophosphocholine utilization by Candida albicans: role of the Git3 transporter in virulence.
The sequence and gene characterization of a 400-kb candidate region for IDDM4 on chromosome 11q13.
Altered architecture of substrate binding region defines the unique specificity of UDP-GalNAc 4-epimerases.
A novel mouse Nedd4 protein suppresses the activity of the epithelial Na+ channel.
The nucleotide and deduced amino acid sequence of a rat cysteine string protein.
An alternative polyamine biosynthetic pathway is widespread in bacteria and essential for biofilm formation in Vibrio cholerae.
Arabidopsis thaliana AtGppl and AtGpp2: two novel low molecular weight phosphatases involved in plant glycerol metabolism.
Identification and frequency of a novel HLA-A allele, A*110104.
An RNAi screen identifies additional members of the Drosophila Integrator complex and a requirement for cyclin C/Cdk8 in snRNA 3'-end formation.
Evolution and Distribution of C<sub>7</sub>-Cyclitol Synthases in Prokaryotes and Eukaryotes.
Absence of See1p, a widely conserved Saccharomyces cerevisiae protein, confers both deficient heterologous protein production and endocytosis.
Glucomannan utilization operon of Bacillus subtilis.
Drosophila Low Temperature Viability Protein 1 (LTV1) Is Required for Ribosome Biogenesis and Cell Growth Downstream of Drosophila Myc (dMyc).
Receptor-like cytoplasmic kinases integrate signaling from multiple plant immune receptors and are targeted by a Pseudomonas syringae effector.
The ferredoxin-dependent conversion of glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate in the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus represents a novel site of glycolytic regulation.
Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase of Bacillus subtilis. Cloning, characterization and chromosomal mapping of the prs gene.
A short-chain peptide toxin isolated from Centruroides sculpturatus scorpion venom inhibits ether-à-go-go-related gene K(+) channels.
Detailed mapping of the ERG-ETS2 interval of human chromosome 21 and comparison with the region of conserved synteny on mouse chromosome 16.
The crystal structure and reaction mechanism of Escherichia coli 2,4-dienoyl-CoA reductase.
The Hook1 gene is non-functional in the abnormal spermatozoon head shape (azh) mutant mouse.
Structure of Escherichia coli exonuclease I in complex with thymidine 5'-monophosphate.
Slim defines a novel family of LIM-proteins expressed in skeletal muscle.
Estrogen receptor beta in the sheep ovary during the estrous cycle and early pregnancy.
Sequencing and the alignment of structural genes in the nqr operon encoding the Na(+)-translocating NADH-quinone reductase from Vibrio alginolyticus.
HUGO (FNDC3A): a new gene overexpressed in human odontoblasts.
Regulation of mitochondrial morphology through proteolytic cleavage of OPA1.
First isolation and antinociceptive activity of a lipid transfer protein from noni (Morinda citrifolia) seeds.
The Drosophila hairy protein acts in both segmentation and bristle patterning and shows homology to N-myc.
A cellular gene up-regulated by hepatitis B virus-encoded X antigen promotes hepatocellular growth and survival.
Crystallization and preliminary X-ray crystallographic studies of the ice-binding protein from the Arctic [correction of Aantarctic] yeast Leucosporidium sp. AY30.
Genomic organization and functional analysis of the murine protein phosphatase 1c gamma (Ppp1cc) gene.
xopAC-triggered immunity against Xanthomonas depends on Arabidopsis receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase genes PBL2 and RIPK.
Proline hydroxylation by cell free extract of a streptomycete.
A human homolog of mouse Lbh gene, hLBH, expresses in heart and activates SRE and AP-1 mediated MAPK signaling pathway.
The Rab11-binding protein RELCH/KIAA1468 controls intracellular cholesterol distribution.
Differential development of odorant receptor expression patterns in the olfactory epithelium: a quantitative analysis in the mouse septal organ.
Mechanistic characterization of the MSDH (methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase) from Bacillus subtilis.
The pentapeptide repeat proteins MfpAMt and QnrB4 exhibit opposite effects on DNA gyrase catalytic reactions and on the ternary gyrase-DNA-quinolone complex.
Cloning and sequencing of the genes involved in the conversion of 5-substituted hydantoins to the corresponding L-amino acids from the native plasmid of Pseudomonas sp. strain NS671.
par-1, atypical pkc, and PP2A/B55 sur-6 are implicated in the regulation of exocyst-mediated membrane trafficking in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Isolation and characterization of a low phytic acid rice mutant reveals a mutation in the rice orthologue of maize MIK.
Deciphering the biology of Mycobacterium tuberculosis from the complete genome sequence.
The evolutionarily conserved porcupine gene family is involved in the processing of the Wnt family.
A family of hyperpolarization-activated mammalian cation channels.
ESOP-1, a secreted protein expressed in the hematopoietic, nervous, and reproductive systems of embryonic and adult mice.
Regulation and mechanism of phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase. I. Purification and properties of the enzyme from Salmonella typhimurium.
The pink gene encodes the Drosophila orthologue of the human Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 5 (HPS5) gene.
Molecular characterization of Api g 2, a novel allergenic member of the lipid-transfer protein 1 family from celery stalks.
Inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase-controlled Ins(1,4,5)P3/Ca2+ is crucial for maintaining pollen dormancy and regulating early germination of pollen.
Molecular diversity and evolution of cystine knot toxins of the tarantula Chilobrachys jingzhao.
SUPPRESSOR OF VARIEGATION4, a new var2 suppressor locus, encodes a pioneer protein that is required for chloroplast biogenesis.
Functional heterogeneity of gephyrins.
Mass spectrometric survey of peptides in cephalopods with an emphasis on the FMRFamide-related peptides.
Monofunctional biosynthetic peptidoglycan transglycosylases.
Identification and characterization of genes involved in the downstream degradation pathway of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane in Sphingomonas paucimobilis UT26.
Cloning and expression of a rat brain L-glutamate transporter.
High constitutive activity of native H3 receptors regulates histamine neurons in brain.
Cloning and characterization of a second human NRAMP gene on chromosome 12q13.
Nucleosome assembly protein-1 is a linker histone chaperone in Xenopus eggs.
ProSAP-interacting protein 1 (ProSAPiP1), a novel protein of the postsynaptic density that links the spine-associated Rap-Gap (SPAR) to the scaffolding protein ProSAP2/Shank3.
Development of a host blood meal database: de novo sequencing of hemoglobin from nine small mammals using mass spectrometry.
Primary structures of the mRNAs encoding the rat precursors for bradykinin and T-kinin. Structural relationship of kininogens with major acute phase protein and alpha 1-cysteine proteinase inhibitor.
GLUTELIN PRECURSOR ACCUMULATION3 encodes a regulator of post-Golgi vesicular traffic essential for vacuolar protein sorting in rice endosperm.
A novel gene, NSD1, is fused to NUP98 in the t(5;11)(q35;p15.5) in de novo childhood acute myeloid leukemia.
Arabidopsis thaliana GPAT8 and GPAT9 are localized to the ER and possess distinct ER retrieval signals: functional divergence of the dilysine ER retrieval motif in plant cells.
Identification of Tapr (an airway hyperreactivity regulatory locus) and the linked Tim gene family.
A new transcript splice variant of the human glucocorticoid receptor: identification and tissue distribution of hGR Delta 313-338, an alternative exon 2 transactivation domain isoform.
Two exo-beta-D-glucosaminidases/exochitosanases from actinomycetes define a new subfamily within family 2 of glycoside hydrolases.
Identification of a soluble NADPH oxidoreductase (BmNOX) with antiviral activities in the gut juice of Bombyx mori.
Isolation, mapping, and functional expression of the mouse X chromosome glycerol kinase gene.
Metabolic engineering of Escherichia coli to produce (2S, 3R, 4S)-4-hydroxyisoleucine.
The Nudix hydrolase Ndx1 from Thermus thermophilus HB8 is a diadenosine hexaphosphate hydrolase with a novel activity.
Purification of bacterial L-methionine gamma-lyase.
The ASYMMETRIC LEAVES2 gene of Arabidopsis thaliana, required for formation of a symmetric flat leaf lamina, encodes a member of a novel family of proteins characterized by cysteine repeats and a leucine zipper.
Immunoglobulin D: properties, measurement, and clinical relevance.
FadD19 of Rhodococcus rhodochrous DSM43269, a steroid-coenzyme A ligase essential for degradation of C-24 branched sterol side chains.
Molecular characterization, expression and functional analysis of goldfish (Carassius aurutus L.) interferon gamma.
Host-selective toxins produced by the plant pathogenic fungus Alternaria alternata.
Differential role of CENP-A in the segregation of holocentric C. elegans chromosomes during meiosis and mitosis.
The interferon regulatory factor, IRF5, is a central mediator of toll-like receptor 7 signaling.
RNA-dependent integrin alpha3 protein localization regulated by the Muscleblind-like protein MLP1.
Hsp90: Friends, clients and natural foes.
A histone acetyltransferase regulates active DNA demethylation in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a splice variant mRNA of p40phox, an NADPH oxidase component of phagocytes.
Chemical genetics reveal the novel transmembrane protein BIL4, which mediates plant cell elongation in brassinosteroid signaling.
Genome sequencing and comparative analysis of Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain YJM789.
Mammalian ASIC2a and ASIC3 subunits co-assemble into heteromeric proton-gated channels sensitive to Gd3+.
bZIP transcription factors in Arabidopsis.
cDNA cloning and genomic structure of three genes localized to human chromosome band 5q31 encoding potential nuclear proteins.
Arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase of rat pineal glands: catalytic properties and primary structure deduced from its cDNA.
Insights into bacteriophage T5 structure from analysis of its morphogenesis genes and protein components.
The human FGF-8 gene localizes on chromosome 10q24 and is subjected to induction by androgen in breast cancer cells.
Elimination of fast inactivation in Kv4 A-type potassium channels by an auxiliary subunit domain.
CRR23/NdhL is a subunit of the chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex in Arabidopsis.
Identification of an ITPase/XTPase in Escherichia coli by structural and biochemical analysis.
Expression and analysis of two gyrB genes from the novobiocin producer, Streptomyces sphaeroides.
The two PPX-GppA homologues from Mycobacterium tuberculosis have distinct biochemical activities.
2-oxoacid:ferredoxin oxidoreductase from the thermoacidophilic archaeon, Sulfolobus sp. strain 7.
Proteomic analysis of the venom from the fish eating coral snake Micrurus surinamensis: novel toxins, their function and phylogeny.
Gene interactions in Caenorhabditis elegans define DPY-31 as a candidate procollagen C-proteinase and SQT-3/ROL-4 as its predicted major target.
DHR3: a Drosophila steroid receptor homolog.
Requirement of hCenexin for proper mitotic functions of polo-like kinase 1 at the centrosomes.
Arabidopsis thaliana genes expressed in the early compatible interaction with root-knot nematodes.
Structure and expression of a calcium-binding protein gene contained within a calmodulin-regulated protein kinase gene.
Functional architecture of the outer arm dynein conformational switch.
Genome-wide analysis of the rice and Arabidopsis non-specific lipid transfer protein (nsLtp) gene families and identification of wheat nsLtp genes by EST data mining.
The Bacterial iprA Gene Is Conserved across Enterobacteriaceae, Is Involved in Oxidative Stress Resistance, and Influences Gene Expression in Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium.
Proteasome dysfunction triggers activation of SKN-1A/Nrf1 by the aspartic protease DDI-1.
Cloning of novel isoforms of the human Gli2 oncogene and their activities to enhance tax-dependent transcription of the human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 genome.
Cloning and characterization of cDNAs encoding putative glutamate transporters from Caenorhabditis elegans and Onchocerca volvulus.
Overexpression of AHL20 negatively regulates defenses in Arabidopsis.
Regulated Fox-2 isoform expression mediates protein 4.1R splicing during erythroid differentiation.
The neocarzinostatin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces carzinostaticus ATCC 15944 involving two iterative type I polyketide synthases.
Mouse Hus1, a homolog of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe hus1+ cell cycle checkpoint gene.
Expression and identification of a thermostable malate dehydrogenase from multicellular prokaryote Streptomyces avermitilis MA-4680.
Alternatively spliced pp52 mRNA in nonlymphoid stromal cells.
A Conformational Switch Triggers Nitrogenase Protection from Oxygen Damage by Shethna Protein II (FeSII).
Cell-Type-Specific Alternative Splicing Governs Cell Fate in the Developing Cerebral Cortex.
Genomic organization, alternative splicing, and expression patterns of the DSCR1 (Down syndrome candidate region 1) gene.
Nineteen additional unpredicted transcripts from human chromosome 21.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of the potassium-dependent sodium-calcium exchanger from human and chicken retinal cone photoreceptors.
MhbT is a specific transporter for 3-hydroxybenzoate uptake by Gram-negative bacteria.
Residues C123 and D58 of the 2-methylisocitrate lyase (PrpB) enzyme of Salmonella enterica are essential for catalysis.
Brn-3.2: a Brn-3-related transcription factor with distinctive central nervous system expression and regulation by retinoic acid.
Genes encoding cytochrome P450 and monooxygenase enzymes define one end of the aflatoxin pathway gene cluster in Aspergillus parasiticus.
Identification of a novel gene of the X,K-ATPase beta-subunit family that is predominantly expressed in skeletal and heart muscles.
A novel, soluble homologue of the human IL-10 receptor with preferential expression in placenta.
Characterization of HSCD5, a novel human stearoyl-CoA desaturase unique to primates.
Transcriptional control of yeast plasma membrane H(+)-ATPase by glucose. Cloning and characterization of a new gene involved in this regulation.
Substrate recognition by Ca2+/Calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase. Role of the arg-pro-rich insert domain.
AcstuA, which encodes an APSES transcription regulator, is involved in conidiation, cephalosporin biosynthesis and cell wall integrity of Acremonium chrysogenum.
Cysteine-rich toxins from Lachesana tarabaevi spider venom with amphiphilic C-terminal segments.
Functional analysis of 150 deletion mutants in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by a systematic approach.
Molecular cloning of the chicken gizzard telokin gene and cDNA.
The monkey ESP14.6 mRNA, a novel transcript expressed at high levels in the epididymis.
The Bowen-Conradi syndrome protein Nep1 (Emg1) has a dual role in eukaryotic ribosome biogenesis, as an essential assembly factor and in the methylation of Ψ1191 in yeast 18S rRNA.
Moesin: a member of the protein 4.1-talin-ezrin family of proteins.
Evolutionary analysis of the jacalin-related lectin family genes in 11 fishes.
Preoperative diagnosis of thyroid papillary carcinoma by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction of the MUC1 gene.
Genome sequence of the Brown Norway rat yields insights into mammalian evolution.
The DNA sequence and analysis of human chromosome 13.
Two constituents of the initiation complex of the mannan-binding lectin activation pathway of complement are encoded by a single structural gene.
The PYRIN domain: a novel motif found in apoptosis and inflammation proteins.
Rice small C2-domain proteins are phosphorylated by calcium-dependent protein kinase.
Characterization of two Bunodosoma granulifera toxins active on cardiac sodium channels.
Characterization of a helicase-like transcription factor involved in the expression of the human plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 gene.
Temperature stability of proteins essential for the intracellular survival of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Transcriptional regulation of the Bacillus subtilis bscR-CYP102A3 operon by the BscR repressor and differential induction of cytochrome CYP102A3 expression by oleic acid and palmitate.
Mutation in pre-mRNA adenosine deaminase markedly attenuates neuronal tolerance to O2 deprivation in Drosophila melanogaster.
C. elegans MAC-1, an essential member of the AAA family of ATPases, can bind CED-4 and prevent cell death.
IGFL: A secreted family with conserved cysteine residues and similarities to the IGF superfamily.
Prediction of the coding sequences of mouse homologues of KIAA gene: III. the complete nucleotide sequences of 500 mouse KIAA-homologous cDNAs identified by screening of terminal sequences of cDNA clones randomly sampled from size-fractionated libraries.
Genetic knockout and pharmacologic inhibition of NCX2 cause natriuresis and hypercalciuria.
Mutations in the PTS1 receptor gene, PXR1, define complementation group 2 of the peroxisome biogenesis disorders.
Cloning and sequence analysis of GmII, a Drosophila melanogaster homologue of the cDNA encoding murine Golgi alpha-mannosidase II.
Novel Drosophila melanogaster genes encoding RRM-type RNA-binding proteins identified by a degenerate PCR strategy.
Citrate synthase and 2-methylcitrate synthase: structural, functional and evolutionary relationships.
Determination of lumenal orientation of microsomal 50-kDa esterase/N-deacetylase.
Crystal structures of human 3-hydroxyanthranilate 3,4-dioxygenase with native and non-native metals bound in the active site.
Interaction of the tumor suppressor PTEN/MMAC with a PDZ domain of MAGI3, a novel membrane-associated guanylate kinase.
Cloning, sequencing, and growth phase-dependent transcription of the coenzyme F420-dependent N5,N10-methylenetetrahydromethanopterin reductase-encoding genes from Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum delta H and Methanopyrus kandleri.
TGF-b superfamily cytokine MIC-1/GDF15 is a physiological appetite and body weight regulator.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis IMPDH in Complexes with Substrates, Products and Antitubercular Compounds.
Identification and characterization of a mammalian mitochondrial ATP-binding cassette membrane protein.
A [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin (FdVI) is essential for growth of the photosynthetic bacterium Rhodobacter capsulatus.
Normalization and subtraction: two approaches to facilitate gene discovery.
Isolation and characterization of two novel rat ovarian lactogen receptor cDNA species.
Functional characterization of four APETALA2-family genes (RAP2.6, RAP2.6L, DREB19 and DREB26) in Arabidopsis.
Pediococcus acidilactici ldhD gene: cloning, nucleotide sequence, and transcriptional analysis.
Structural requirements of six naturally occurring isoforms of the IL-18 binding protein to inhibit IL-18.
Kinesins in the Arabidopsis genome: a comparative analysis among eukaryotes.
The major iron-containing protein of Legionella pneumophila is an aconitase homologous with the human iron-responsive element-binding protein.
Narrow substrate specificity and sensitivity toward ligand-binding site mutations of human T-cell Leukemia virus type 1 protease.
Arabidopsis thaliana circadian clock is regulated by the small GTPase LIP1.
AbaA and WetA govern distinct stages of Aspergillus fumigatus development.
Complete DNA sequence and characterization of a 330-kb VNTR-rich region on chromosome 6q27 that is commonly deleted in ovarian cancer.
Sporopollenin biosynthetic enzymes interact and constitute a metabolon localized to the endoplasmic reticulum of tapetum cells.
Characterization of the human homologue of the mouse Tg737 candidate polycystic kidney disease gene.
Ctriporin, a new anti-methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus peptide from the venom of the scorpion Chaerilus tricostatus.
Primary and secondary structure of a pore-forming toxin from the sea anemone, Actinia equina L., and its association with lipid vesicles.
Cloning and expression of the adenosine kinase gene from rat and human tissues.
A Drosophila homologue of membrane-skeleton protein 4.1 is associated with septate junctions and is encoded by the coracle gene.
Expression of a novel alternatively spliced variant of NADP(H)-dependent retinol dehydrogenase/reductase with deletion of exon 3 in cervical squamous carcinoma.
A plasmodesmata-associated beta-1,3-glucanase in Arabidopsis.
Cloning and characterization of novel isoforms of the human kallikrein 6 gene.
Human immunoglobulin heavy chain genes: evolutionary comparisons of C mu, C delta and C gamma genes and associated switch sequences.
Zygotic lethal mutations with maternal effect phenotypes in Drosophila melanogaster. II. Loci on the second and third chromosomes identified by P-element-induced mutations.
Axonal transport of mitochondria requires milton to recruit kinesin heavy chain and is light chain independent.
Isolation and characterization of two novel, closely related ATF cDNA clones from HeLa cells.
Evolutionary origins of the mammalian apolipoproteinB RNA editing enzyme, apobec-1: structural homology inferred from analysis of a cloned chicken small intestinal cytidine deaminase.
Regulation of progenitor cell fusion by ABCB5 P-glycoprotein, a novel human ATP-binding cassette transporter.
LIMK-1 and LIMK-2, two members of a LIM motif-containing protein kinase family.
FRAG1, a gene that potently activates fibroblast growth factor receptor by C-terminal fusion through chromosomal rearrangement.
Characterization and functional studies of a FYVE domain-containing phosphatase in C. elegans.
Structure and molecular mechanism of Bacillus anthracis cofactor-independent phosphoglycerate mutase: a crucial enzyme for spores and growing cells of Bacillus species.
Expression of a truncated epidermal growth factor receptor-like protein (TEGFR) in ovarian cancer.
Novel antimicrobial peptides isolated from the skin secretions of Hainan odorous frog, Odorrana hainanensis.
Identification of the bacterial protein FtsX as a unique target of chemokine-mediated antimicrobial activity against Bacillus anthracis.
High molecular mass forms of basic fibroblast growth factor are initiated by alternative CUG codons.
Identification of constitutively active interleukin 33 (IL-33) splice variant.
Cloning of a new aquaporin (AQP10) abundantly expressed in duodenum and jejunum.
Expression and characterization of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-3alpha in human kidney: suppression of HIF-mediated gene expression by HIF-3alpha.
Autosomal-Dominant Multiple Pterygium Syndrome Is Caused by Mutations in MYH3.
PRC2 complexes with JARID2, MTF2, and esPRC2p48 in ES cells to modulate ES cell pluripotency and somatic cell reprogramming.
Xenopus importin beta validates human importin beta as a cell cycle negative regulator.
Cloning and characterization of aspartate-beta-semialdehyde dehydrogenase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37 Rv.
A small protein required for the switch from {sigma}F to {sigma}G during sporulation in Bacillus subtilis.
Fc receptor gamma-chain, a constitutive component of the IL-3 receptor, is required for IL-3-induced IL-4 production in basophils.
Novel recombinant RD2- and RD11-encoded Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigens are potential candidates for diagnosis of tuberculosis infections in BCG-vaccinated individuals.
Regulation of Bacillus subtilis glutamine synthetase gene expression by the product of the glnR gene.
Identification of a phragmoplast-associated kinesin-related protein in higher plants.
Biochemical and functional properties of lysine-specific cysteine proteinase (Lys-gingipain) as a virulence factor of Porphyromonas gingivalis in periodontal disease.
The putative tumour suppressor Fus-2 is an N-acetyltransferase.
Striatum- and testis-specific phosphodiesterase PDE10A isolation and characterization of a rat PDE10A.
In vivo analysis of various substrates utilized by cystathionine gamma-synthase and O-acetylhomoserine sulfhydrylase in methionine biosynthesis.
Hementin: anticoagulant protease from the salivary gland of the leech Haementeria ghilianii.
Amino acid sequence studies on cytolytic toxins from sea anemone Heteractis magnifica, Entacmaea quadricolor and Stichodactyla mertensii (Anthozoa).
Two chitinase-like proteins abundantly accumulated in latex of mulberry show insecticidal activity.
CATERPILLER 16.2 (CLR16.2), a novel NBD/LRR family member that negatively regulates T cell function.
Messenger RNAs encoding mouse histone macroH2A1 isoforms are expressed at similar levels in male and female cells and result from alternative splicing.
Reverse engineering a mouse embryonic stem cell-specific transcriptional network reveals a new modulator of neuronal differentiation.
Insights into the origins of fish hunting in venomous cone snails from studies of Conus tessulatus.
Homer: a protein that selectively binds metabotropic glutamate receptors.
Identification of cutC and cutF (nlpE) genes involved in copper tolerance in Escherichia coli.
Alternatively spliced variants of prostate-specific membrane antigen RNA: ratio of expression as a potential measurement of progression.
TdeA, a TolC-like protein required for toxin and drug export in Aggregatibacter (Actinobacillus) actinomycetemcomitans.
Cloning and characterization of gp36, a human mucin-type glycoprotein preferentially expressed in vascular endothelium.
A superfamily of actin-binding proteins at the actin-membrane nexus of higher plants.
Overproduction of NlpE, a new outer membrane lipoprotein, suppresses the toxicity of periplasmic LacZ by activation of the Cpx signal transduction pathway.
A novel zebrafish gene expressed specifically in the photoreceptor cells of the retina.
A novel alkaline serine protease with fibrinolytic activity from the polychaete, Neanthes japonica.
POLYPRENOL REDUCTASE2 Deficiency Is Lethal in Arabidopsis Due to Male Sterility.
Identification and gene cloning of a new major allergen Cha o 3 from Chamaecyparis obtusa (Japanese cypress) pollen.
Molecular analysis of FMRFamide- and FMRFamide-related peptides (FaRPS) in the cuttlefish Sepia officinalis.
Functional characterization of a vitamin B12-dependent methylmalonyl pathway in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: implications for propionate metabolism during growth on fatty acids.
Purification and Properties of Glycine Oxidase from Pseudomonas putida KT2440.
Increasing intracellular magnesium levels with the 31-amino acid MgtS protein.
Human peroxisomal targeting signal-1 receptor restores peroxisomal protein import in cells from patients with fatal peroxisomal disorders.
NCX1 Na/Ca exchanger splice variants in pancreatic islet cells.
Cloning and characterization of a new member of the G-protein coupled receptor EDG family.
Functional expression and characterization of four novel neurotoxins from sea anemone Anthopleura sp.
Cloning of a novel human serotonin receptor (5-HT7) positively linked to adenylate cyclase.
Isolation and characterization of aminopeptidase mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Identification and sequence of an accessory factor required for activation of the human interferon gamma receptor.
Identification of TINO: a new evolutionarily conserved BCL-2 AU-rich element RNA-binding protein.
A highly conserved novel family of mammalian developmental transcription factors related to Drosophila grainyhead.
A guide to the Lhc genes and their relatives in Arabidopsis/IT>
Human HIF-3alpha4 is a dominant-negative regulator of HIF-1 and is down-regulated in renal cell carcinoma.
Nucleotide sequence of the leukotoxin gene from Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans: homology to the alpha-hemolysin/leukotoxin gene family.
Analysis of the molecular evolutionary history of the ascorbate peroxidase gene family: inferences from the rice genome.
Characterization of a rice gene family encoding type-A diterpene cyclases.
Alternative processing of mRNAs encoding mammalian chromosomal high-mobility-group proteins HMG-I and HMG-Y.
Essential kinase-independent role of a Fer-like non-receptor tyrosine kinase in Caenorhabditis elegans morphogenesis.
Cloning and expression of Methylovorus mays No. 9 gene encoding gamma-glutamylmethylamide synthetase: an enzyme usable in theanine formation by coupling with the alcoholic fermentation system of baker's yeast.
Identification and characterization of a novel form of the human L-dopa decarboxylase mRNA.
Characterization of the chromosomal aac(6')-Ij gene of Acinetobacter sp. 13 and the aac(6')-Ih plasmid gene of Acinetobacter baumannii.
The t(7;11)(p15;p15) translocation in acute myeloid leukaemia fuses the genes for nucleoporin NUP98 and class I homeoprotein HOXA9.
Dothistromin genes at multiple separate loci are regulated by AflR.
Spliced isoforms of LIM-domain-binding protein (CLIM/NLI/Ldb) lacking the LIM-interaction domain.
The human mdr3 gene encodes a novel P-glycoprotein homologue and gives rise to alternatively spliced mRNAs in liver.
cDNA cloning of the type 1 neurofibromatosis gene: complete sequence of the NF1 gene product.
A monoacylglycerol lipase from Mycobacterium smegmatis Involved in bacterial cell interaction.
A lectin from the mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis has a highly novel primary structure and induces glycan-mediated cytotoxicity of globotriaosylceramide-expressing lymphoma cells.
Distribution of Ca2+-activated K+ channel isoforms along the tonotopic gradient of the chicken's cochlea.
Immunochemical analysis of the functions of the subunits of phage Qbeta ribonucleic acid replicase.
Cloning and characterization of human and mouse homologs of the Drosophila calcium-activated potassium channel gene, slowpoke.
Identification of a novel brain-specific and Reelin-regulated gene that encodes a protein colocalized with synapsin.
A cellulose-binding module of the Trichoderma reesei beta-mannanase Man5A increases the mannan-hydrolysis of complex substrates.
Membrane interactions and self-association of components of the Ess/Type VII secretion system of Staphylococcus aureus.
An SGS3-like protein functions in RNA-directed DNA methylation and transcriptional gene silencing in Arabidopsis.
Human C6orf211 encodes Armt1, a protein carboxyl methyltransferase that targets PCNA and is linked to the DNA damage response.
The unique catalytic subunit of sperm cAMP-dependent protein kinase is the product of an alternative Calpha mRNA expressed specifically in spermatogenic cells.
Stilbene synthase from Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris).
Isolation and characterization of a cDNA coding for a novel human 17.3K myelin basic protein (MBP) variant.
An organellar nα-acetyltransferase, naa60, acetylates cytosolic N termini of transmembrane proteins and maintains Golgi integrity.
The ethylene receptor ETR2 delays floral transition and affects starch accumulation in rice.
Membrane and secretory forms of mouse membrane cofactor protein (CD46) generated from a single gene through alternative splicing.
HEMO, an ancestral endogenous retroviral envelope protein shed in the blood of pregnant women and expressed in pluripotent stem cells and tumors.
Purification and characterization of myrosinase from the cabbage aphid (Brevicoryne brassicae), a brassica herbivore.
Conserved roles of C. elegans and human MANFs in sulfatide binding and cytoprotection.
HUA1 and HUA2 are two members of the floral homeotic AGAMOUS pathway.
Cloning of a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of diterpene aphidicolin, a specific inhibitor of DNA polymerase alpha.
Molecular cloning of the cDNA for human TrkC (NTRK3), chromosomal assignment, and evidence for a splice variant.
Proteomic analysis of Tityus discrepans scorpion venom and amino acid sequence of novel toxins.
MCRIP1, an ERK substrate, mediates ERK-induced gene silencing during epithelial-mesenchymal transition by regulating the co-repressor CtBP.
Protein engineering of the 4-methyl-5-nitrocatechol monooxygenase from Burkholderia sp. strain DNT for enhanced degradation of nitroaromatics.
Kojic acid biosynthesis in Aspergillus oryzae is regulated by a Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) transcriptional activator and induced by kojic acid at the transcriptional level.
Control of muscle formation by the fusogenic micropeptide myomixer.
Characterization of lamprin, an unusual matrix protein from lamprey cartilage. Implications for evolution, structure, and assembly of elastin and other fibrillar proteins.
A stromal cell-derived membrane protein that supports hematopoietic stem cells.
Development of a widely applicable immunoassay for insulin in marine teleosts that regulates cross-reactivity using biotinylation and inhibits interference by plasma components.
CERBERUS, a novel U-box protein containing WD-40 repeats, is required for formation of the infection thread and nodule development in the legume-Rhizobium symbiosis.
Characterization of the memory gene dunce of Drosophila melanogaster.
Cloning and sequencing of a novel meta-cleavage dioxygenase gene whose product is involved in degradation of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane in Sphingomonas paucimobilis.
Genomics, isoforms, expression, and phylogeny of the MHC class I-related MR1 gene.
Mammalian HSP40/DNAJ homologs: cloning of novel cDNAs and a proposal for their classification and nomenclature.
Lazarus1, a DUF300 protein, contributes to programmed cell death associated with Arabidopsis acd11 and the hypersensitive response.
Crystal structure of the pyrazinamidase of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: insights into natural and acquired resistance to pyrazinamide.
ABCB5 is a limbal stem cell gene required for corneal development and repair.
Identification of ARIA regulating endothelial apoptosis and angiogenesis by modulating proteasomal degradation of cIAP-1 and cIAP-2.
Mechanism, regulation, and ecological role of bacterial cyanide biosynthesis.
Identification of two isoforms of the Cak receptor kinase that are coexpressed in breast tumor cell lines.
Discrepin, a new peptide of the sub-family alpha-ktx15, isolated from the scorpion Tityus discrepans irreversibly blocks K+ -channels (IA currents) of cerebellum granular cells.
Isolation and characterization of four type-1 ribosome-inactivating proteins, with polynucleotide:adenosine glycosidase activity, from leaves of Phytolacca dioica L.
Identification of novel putative membrane proteins selectively expressed during adipose conversion of 3T3-L1 cells.
Molecular cloning of a rat brain cDNA, with homology to a tyrosine kinase substrate, that induces galactosylceramide expression in COS-7 cells.
Cloning and molecular analysis of genes affecting expression of binding substance, the recipient-encoded receptor(s) mediating mating aggregate formation in Enterococcus faecalis.
Structure of the gene encoding phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase (prsA) in Salmonella typhimurium.
Complementary DNA sequence encoding the major neural cell adhesion molecule isoform in a human small cell lung cancer cell line.
Crystal structures of the key anaerobic enzyme pyruvate:ferredoxin oxidoreductase, free and in complex with pyruvate.
MAG2 and three MAG2-INTERACTING PROTEINs form an ER-localized complex to facilitate storage protein transport in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Arabidopsis RGLG2, functioning as a RING E3 ligase, interacts with AtERF53 and negatively regulates the plant drought stress response.
Stable transduction of bovine TLR4 and bovine MD-2 into LPS-nonresponsive cells and soluble CD14 promote the ability to respond to LPS.
Helicobacter pylori versus the host: remodeling of the bacterial outer membrane is required for survival in the gastric mucosa.
Promoter determining the timing and spatial localization of transcription of a cloned Streptomyces coelicolor gene encoding a spore-associated polypeptide.
Cloning and functional expression of the human GlcNAc-1-P transferase, the enzyme for the committed step of the dolichol cycle, by heterologous complementation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The involvement of the Arabidopsis CRT1 ATPase family in disease resistance protein-mediated signaling.
Inositol monophosphatase regulates localization of synaptic components and behavior in the mature nervous system of C. elegans.
Neutralizing epitopes on the extracellular interferon gamma receptor (IFNgammaR) alpha-chain characterized by homolog scanning mutagenesis and X-ray crystal structure of the A6 fab-IFNgammaR1-108 complex.
Structural basis for the metal-selective activation of the manganese transport regulator of Bacillus subtilis.
Structure of dimeric, recombinant Sulfolobus solfataricus phosphoribosyl diphosphate synthase: a bent dimer defining the adenine specificity of the substrate ATP.
Green mamba peptide targets type-2 vasopressin receptor against polycystic kidney disease.
A chiral selectivity relaxed paralog of DTD for proofreading tRNA mischarging in Animalia.
The 19-kDa Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein induces macrophage apoptosis through Toll-like receptor-2.
Alternatively spliced mdm2 transcripts with loss of p53 binding domain sequences: transforming ability and frequent detection in human cancer.
A novel nuclear protein, Twa1, and Muskelin comprise a complex with RanBPM.
Mice lacking the synaptic adhesion molecule Neph2/Kirrel3 display moderate hyperactivity and defective novel object preference.
The ETO (MTG8) gene family.
WRM-1 activates the LIT-1 protein kinase to transduce anterior/posterior polarity signals in C. elegans.
Transformation of beta-lycopene cyclase genes from Salicornia europaea and Arabidopsis conferred salt tolerance in Arabidopsis and tobacco.
Primary structure of human pancreatic secretory trypsin inhibitor (PSTI) gene.
The identification of Escherichia coli ispB (cel) gene encoding the octaprenyl diphosphate synthase.
Identification of proteins and developmental expression of RNAs encoded by the 65A cuticle protein gene cluster in Drosophila melanogaster.
A casein kinase 1 and PAR proteins regulate asymmetry of a PIP(2) synthesis enzyme for asymmetric spindle positioning.
Functional requirement of a site-specific ribose methylation in ribosomal RNA.
HemK2 protein, encoded on human chromosome 21, methylates translation termination factor eRF1.
Expression of rib-1, a Caenorhabditis elegans homolog of the human tumor suppressor EXT genes, is indispensable for heparan sulfate synthesis and embryonic morphogenesis.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of three WD-repeat-domain-containing inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatases in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular cloning of the NK1.1 antigen, a member of the NKR-P1 family of natural killer cell activation molecules.
Peptidomics and peptide hormone processing in the Drosophila midgut.
Pneumocystis carinii erg6 gene: sequencing and expression of recombinant SAM:sterol methyltransferase in heterologous systems.
Widespread distribution of cell defense against D-aminoacyl-tRNAs.
The cdr1B efflux transporter is associated with non-cyp51a-mediated itraconazole resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Plasma membrane Ca2+ ATPase 4 is required for sperm motility and male fertility.
Structural basis for the function of Bacillus subtilis phosphoribosyl-pyrophosphate synthetase.
Notum is required for neural and head induction via Wnt deacylation, oxidation, and inactivation.
Loss of lysyl oxidase-like 3 causes cleft palate and spinal deformity in mice.
Ergothioneine Maintains Redox and Bioenergetic Homeostasis Essential for Drug Susceptibility and Virulence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Regulation of glutamine synthetase. 8. ATP: glutamine synthetase adenylyltransferase, an enzyme that catalyzes alterations in the regulatory properties of glutamine synthetase.
Peroxisomal localisation of the final steps of the mevalonic acid pathway in planta.
Genomic nucleotide sequence of tomato Asr2, a second member of the stress/ripening-induced Asr1 gene family.
Change in the mode of gene expression of the hypopharyngeal gland cells with an age-dependent role change of the worker honeybee Apis mellifera L.
Disruption of the gene encoding the latent transforming growth factor-beta binding protein 4 (LTBP-4) causes abnormal lung development, cardiomyopathy, and colorectal cancer.
Evidence for two isoforms of the endoplasmic-reticulum Ca2+ pump in pig smooth muscle.
The biosynthesis of hepatic cholesterol esters and triglycerides is impaired in mice with a disruption of the gene for stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1.
Functional profiling reveals that only a small number of phytochrome-regulated early-response genes in Arabidopsis are necessary for optimal deetiolation.
The Drosophila 78C early late puff contains E78, an ecdysone-inducible gene that encodes a novel member of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily.
Royalactin induces queen differentiation in honeybees.
Tmem178 acts in a novel negative feedback loop targeting NFATc1 to regulate bone mass.
Fbw7 and Usp28 regulate myc protein stability in response to DNA damage.
Pri peptides are mediators of ecdysone for the temporal control of development.
Ribose-5-phosphate biosynthesis in Methanocaldococcus jannaschii occurs in the absence of a pentose-phosphate pathway.
Four structurally distinct, non-DNA-binding subunits of human nuclear respiratory factor 2 share a conserved transcriptional activation domain.
Arabidopsis GRI is involved in the regulation of cell death induced by extracellular ROS.
Furostanol glycoside 26-O-beta-glucosidase from the leaves of Solanum torvum.
Identification of genes involved in the biosynthesis and attachment of Methanococcus voltae N-linked glycans: insight into N-linked glycosylation pathways in Archaea.
Surface-epitope masking and expression cloning identifies the human prostate carcinoma tumor antigen gene PCTA-1 a member of the galectin gene family.
Kappa 2-bungarotoxin and kappa 3-bungarotoxin: two new neuronal nicotinic receptor antagonists isolated from the venom of Bungarus multicinctus.
Membrane-bound RLCKs LIP1 and LIP2 are essential male factors controlling male-female attraction in Arabidopsis.
Identification of putative mammalian D-lactate dehydrogenase enzymes.
A giant novel gene undergoing extensive alternative splicing is severed by a Cornelia de Lange-associated translocation breakpoint at 3q26.3.
Five cDNAs encoding Arabidopsis GF14 proteins.
gamma-glutamyl leukotrienase, a gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase gene family member, is expressed primarily in spleen.
Complete genome sequence of the oral pathogenic Bacterium porphyromonas gingivalis strain W83.
Cloning and characterization of an alpha-neurotoxin-type protein specific for the coral snake Micrurus corallinus.
hikaru genki, a CNS-specific gene identified by abnormal locomotion in Drosophila, encodes a novel type of protein.
Alternatively spliced RNAs encode several isoforms of CD46 (MCP), a regulator of complement activation.
LRIG1 restricts growth factor signaling by enhancing receptor ubiquitylation and degradation.
Identification of genes required for adventurous gliding motility in Myxococcus xanthus with the transposable element mariner.
Filamin A-interacting protein (FILIP) regulates cortical cell migration out of the ventricular zone.
Crystal structure of inulosucrase from Lactobacillus: insights into the substrate specificity and product specificity of GH68 fructansucrases.
Mitogen- and stress-activated protein kinase-1 (MSK1) is directly activated by MAPK and SAPK2/p38, and may mediate activation of CREB.
Identification of human and mouse HIRA-interacting protein-5 (HIRIP5), two mammalian representatives in a family of phylogenetically conserved proteins with a role in the biogenesis of Fe/S proteins.
Identification and functional analysis of the aspergillic acid gene cluster in Aspergillus flavus.
Molecular characterization of a novel human PDZ domain protein with homology to INAD from Drosophila melanogaster.
Human GlyCAM-1 mRNA is expressed in the mammary gland as splicing variants and encodes various aberrant truncated proteins.
Chymotrypsin inhibitory activity of normal C1-inhibitor and a P1 Arg to His mutant: evidence for the presence of overlapping reactive centers.
Identification and characterization of differentially expressed genes in the early response phase during liver regeneration.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis LppM Displays an Original Structure and Domain Composition Linked to a Dual Localization.
Molecular cloning of human neuronal nicotinic receptor alpha 3-subunit.
The Drosophila fsh locus, a maternal effect homeotic gene, encodes apparent membrane proteins.
Precursors of vertebrate peptide antibiotics dermaseptin b and adenoregulin have extensive sequence identities with precursors of opioid peptides dermorphin, dermenkephalin, and deltorphins.
Target DNA stabilizes Mycobacterium tuberculosis DevR/DosR phosphorylation by the full-length oxygen sensors DevS/DosS and DosT.
Yeast Kre33 and human NAT10 are conserved 18S rRNA cytosine acetyltransferases that modify tRNAs assisted by the adaptor Tan1/THUMPD1.
Structural and functional characterization of a cell cycle associated HDAC1/2 complex reveals the structural basis for complex assembly and nucleosome targeting.
Primary structure of N-acyl-D-glutamate amidohydrolase from Alcaligenes xylosoxydans subsp. xylosoxydans A-6.
Structural studies suggest a peptidoglycan hydrolase function for the Mycobacterium tuberculosis Tat-secreted protein Rv2525c.
A novel multidrug efflux transporter gene of the major facilitator superfamily from Candida albicans (FLU1) conferring resistance to fluconazole.
Simplet/Fam53b is required for Wnt signal transduction by regulating β-catenin nuclear localization.
Identification, tissue expression, and functional characterization of Otx3, a novel member of the Otx family.
D-lactate dehydrogenase is a member of the D-isomer-specific 2-hydroxyacid dehydrogenase family. Cloning, sequencing, and expression in Escherichia coli of the D-lactate dehydrogenase gene of Lactobacillus plantarum.
Transcriptome analysis of the venom gland of the Mexican scorpion Hadrurus gertschi (Arachnida: Scorpiones).
SEX DETERMINATION. A male-determining factor in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Structure and function of human Naa60 (NatF), a Golgi-localized bi-functional acetyltransferase.
Inositol- and folate-resistant neural tube defects in mice lacking the epithelial-specific factor Grhl-3.
Variability among the sites by which curaremimetic toxins bind to torpedo acetylcholine receptor, as revealed by identification of the functional residues of alpha-cobratoxin.
OCAM: A new member of the neural cell adhesion molecule family related to zone-to-zone projection of olfactory and vomeronasal axons.
Secretion of atypical protein substrates by the ESAT-6 secretion system of Staphylococcus aureus.
Detection of an L-amino acid dehydrogenase activity in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Cutting edge: identification of GL50, a novel B7-like protein that functionally binds to ICOS receptor.
Analysis of multiple occurrences of alternative splicing events in Arabidopsis thaliana using novel sequenced full-length cDNAs.
RAB-10 is required for endocytic recycling in the Caenorhabditis elegans intestine.
Identification of a novel interleukin-15 (IL-15) transcript isoform generated by alternative splicing in human small cell lung cancer cell lines.
Virulence attenuation of two Mas-like polyketide synthase mutants of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
pckA-deficient Mycobacterium bovis BCG shows attenuated virulence in mice and in macrophages.
Plant glutaredoxins: still mysterious reducing systems.
Differential estrogenic regulation of small M(r) heat shock protein expression in osteoblasts.
A novel approach to the antimicrobial activity of maggot debridement therapy.
Expression of a novel type of immunoglobulin C lambda transcripts in human mature B lymphocytes producing kappa light chains.
Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor-dependent RET activation can be mediated by two different cell-surface accessory proteins.
Alpha-isopropylmalate synthase from Salmonella typhimurium. Purification and properties.
Membrane functional organisation and dynamic of mu-opioid receptors.
Purification and characterization of heterologously expressed nitrilases from filamentous fungi.
Identification and characterization of the metal ion-dependent L-alanoyl-D-glutamate peptidase encoded by bacteriophage T5.
Probing protein sequences as sources for encrypted antimicrobial peptides.
Molecular programming of B cell memory.
Temperature-sensitive mutations in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae MRT4, GRC5, SLA2 and THS1 genes result in defects in mRNA turnover.
The geminivirus nuclear shuttle protein is a virulence factor that suppresses transmembrane receptor kinase activity.
Characterization of biologically active cell surface components of a periodontal pathogen. The roles of major and minor fimbriae of Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Genetic analysis of salt-tolerant mutants in Arabidopsis thaliana.
CVP2- and CVL1-mediated phosphoinositide signaling as a regulator of the ARF GAP SFC/VAN3 in establishment of foliar vein patterns.
[Protein databank for several tissues derived from five instar of silkworm].
Isocitrate lyase of the yeast Kluyveromyces lactis is subject to glucose repression but not to catabolite inactivation.
Gliomedin mediates Schwann cell-axon interaction and the molecular assembly of the nodes of Ranvier.
Comparative genomic sequence analysis and isolation of human and mouse alternative EGFR transcripts encoding truncated receptor isoforms.
Identification of a variant form of PZR lacking immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motifs.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human atrial and ventricular myosin alkali light chain cDNA clones.
A PGC-1α isoform induced by resistance training regulates skeletal muscle hypertrophy.
Differential expression of individual gamma-protocadherins during mouse brain development.
Identification of a protein required for recovery of full antenna capacity in OCP-related photoprotective mechanism in cyanobacteria.
dADAR, a Drosophila double-stranded RNA-specific adenosine deaminase is highly developmentally regulated and is itself a target for RNA editing.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequence of the gene encoding a calcium-dependent exoproteinase from Bacillus megaterium ATCC 14581.
Diverse splicing mechanisms fuse the evolutionarily conserved bicistronic MOCS1A and MOCS1B open reading frames.
Structural insight into the functional mechanism of Nep1/Emg1 N1-specific pseudouridine methyltransferase in ribosome biogenesis.
Cloning and characterization of a novel binding factor (GMEB-2) of the glucocorticoid modulatory element.
Human Myo19 is a novel myosin that associates with mitochondria.
An alternatively spliced isoform of non-muscle myosin II-C is not regulated by myosin light chain phosphorylation.
Human brain synembryn interacts with Gsalpha and Gqalpha and is translocated to the plasma membrane in response to isoproterenol and carbachol.
Human immunoglobulin variable region genes--DNA sequences of two V kappa genes and a pseudogene.
Neuralized-2: expression in human and rodents and interaction with Delta-like ligands.
Mutational analysis of the Shab-encoded delayed rectifier K(+) channels in Drosophila.
Equinatoxins, pore-forming proteins from the sea anemone Actinia equina, belong to a multigene family.
An Arabidopsis homolog of importin β1 is required for ABA response and drought tolerance.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis MycP1 protease plays a dual role in regulation of ESX-1 secretion and virulence.
LNK genes integrate light and clock signaling networks at the core of the Arabidopsis oscillator.
Sulfoquinovose synthase - an important enzyme in the N-glycosylation pathway of Sulfolobus acidocaldarius.
Functional characterization of the eukaryotic cysteine desulfurase Nfs1p from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Human ABCA1 contains a large amino-terminal extracellular domain homologous to an epitope of Sjögren's Syndrome.
Transient expression of glyoxal oxidase from the Chinese wild grape Vitis pseudoreticulata can suppress powdery mildew in a susceptible genotype.
Novel 5-lipoxygenase isoforms affect the biosynthesis of 5-lipoxygenase products.
The bovine Mx1 gene: characterization of the gene structure, alternative splicing, and promoter region.
Actinobacterial acyl coenzyme A synthetases involved in steroid side-chain catabolism.
YUCCA6 over-expression demonstrates auxin function in delaying leaf senescence in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of a new subfamily of winged-helix/forkhead (Fox) genes that are expressed in the lung and act as transcriptional repressors.
The ATF/CREB site is the key element for transcription of the human RNA methyltransferase like 1(RNMTL1) gene, a newly discovered 17p13.3 gene.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase. Molecular and enzymatic properties of the homogeneous enzyme from baker's yeast.
Identification of a novel protocadherin gene (PCDH11) on the human XY homology region in Xq21.3.
Molecular identification of Kvalpha subunits that contribute to the oxygen-sensitive K+ current of chemoreceptor cells of the rabbit carotid body.
A new cyanogenic metabolite in Arabidopsis required for inducible pathogen defence.
Independent expression of the transforming amino-terminal domain of SV40 large I antigen from an alternatively spliced third SV40 early mRNA.
Transcriptome Analysis of Aspergillus flavus Reveals veA-Dependent Regulation of Secondary Metabolite Gene Clusters, Including the Novel Aflavarin Cluster.
Molecular Dissection of the Homotrimeric Sliding Clamp of T4 Phage: Two Domains of a Subunit Display Asymmetric Characteristics.
Isolation and characterization of cDNAs encoding PDE5A, a human cGMP-binding, cGMP-specific 3',5'-cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase.
Identification and characterization of novel sodium channel toxins from the sea anemone Anthopleura xanthogrammica.
Molecular basis of the antimutagenic activity of the house-cleaning inosine triphosphate pyrophosphatase RdgB from Escherichia coli.
Role of peptide sequence and neighboring residue glycosylation on the substrate specificity of the uridine 5'-diphosphate-alpha-N-acetylgalactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyl transferases T1 and T2: kinetic modeling of the porcine and canine submaxillary gland mucin tandem repeats.
Biosynthesis of heparan sulphate with diverse structures and functions: two alternatively spliced forms of human heparan sulphate 6-O-sulphotransferase-2 having different expression patterns and properties.
Identification of glutathione (GSH)-independent glyoxalase III from Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Characterisation of alpha-dystrobrevin in muscle.
The GAP-related domain of the neurofibromatosis type 1 gene product interacts with ras p21.
Comparison of the regulatory regions of the alpha1,3galactosyltransferase gene between murine and porcine species.
Identification of genes encoding putative nucleoporins and transport factors in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe: a deletion analysis.
NRGA1, a putative mitochondrial pyruvate carrier, mediates ABA regulation of guard cell ion channels and drought stress responses in Arabidopsis.
Evidence for a conserved function in synapse formation reveals Phr1 as a candidate gene for respiratory failure in newborn mice.
Characterization of long cDNA clones from human adult spleen.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XIX. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Isolation of a gene sequence induced later by tumor-promoting 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate in mouse osteoblastic cells (MC3T3-E1) and expressed constitutively in ras-transformed cells.
Molecular cloning of rat leptin receptor isoform complementary DNAs--identification of a missense mutation in Zucker fatty (fa/fa) rats.
Ornithine degradation in Clostridium sticklandii; pyridoxal phosphate and coenzyme A dependent thiolytic cleavage of 2-amino-4-ketopentanoate to alanine and acetyl coenzyme A.
Cloning of a human homolog of the Drosophila minibrain/rat Dyrk gene from "the Down syndrome critical region" of chromosome 21.
Novel peroxidases of Marasmius scorodonius degrade beta-carotene.
The structure and expression of the guinea pig Fc receptor for IgG1 and IgG2 (Fc gamma 1/gamma 2R).
Subcloning, expression, and purification of the enterobactin biosynthetic enzyme 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate-AMP ligase: demonstration of enzyme-bound (2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)adenylate product.
Cloning and developmental expression of Nsk2, a novel receptor tyrosine kinase implicated in skeletal myogenesis.
A calcium-dependent tyrosine kinase splice variant in human monocytes. Activation by a two-stage process involving adherence and a subsequent intracellular signal.
Effects of heterodimerization and proteolytic processing on Derrière and Nodal activity: implications for mesoderm induction in Xenopus.
Optimedin: a novel olfactomedin-related protein that interacts with myocilin.
DMC1 functions in a Saccharomyces cerevisiae meiotic pathway that is largely independent of the RAD51 pathway.
The latent transforming growth factor beta binding protein (LTBP) family.
D-Tyrosyl RNA: formation, hydrolysis and utilization for protein synthesis.
PPE26 induces TLR2-dependent activation of macrophages and drives Th1-type T-cell immunity by triggering the cross-talk of multiple pathways involved in the host response.
Immunoblot analyses on the differential distribution of NR2A and NR2B subunits in the adult rat brain.
Actiflagelin, a new sperm activator isolated from <i>Walterinnesia aegyptia</i> venom using phenotypic screening.
DENR-MCT-1 promotes translation re-initiation downstream of uORFs to control tissue growth.
Identification of a novel G-protein coupled receptor expressed in distinct brain regions and a defined olfactory zone.
Purification and functional roles of the P I  and P II  components of Escherichia coli glutamine synthetase deadenylylation system.
Odorant-binding proteins of the mouse.
Fibronectin mRNA splice variant in articular cartilage lacks bases encoding the V, III-15, and I-10 protein segments.
Xiro, a Xenopus homolog of the Drosophila Iroquois complex genes, controls development at the neural plate.
Definition of the M-conotoxin superfamily: characterization of novel peptides from molluscivorous Conus venoms.
A tissue-specific protein purification approach in Caenorhabditis elegans identifies novel interaction partners of DLG-1/Discs large.
The amino acid sequence of protein CM-3 from Dendroaspis polylepis polylepis (black mamba) venom.
Genetic analysis of leaf form mutants from the Arabidopsis Information Service collection.
Rice OGR1 encodes a pentatricopeptide repeat-DYW protein and is essential for RNA editing in mitochondria.
Laminets: laminin- and netrin-related genes expressed in distinct neuronal subsets.
Mutation in xyloglucan 6-xylosytransferase results in abnormal root hair development in Oryza sativa.
Genetics of dothistromin biosynthesis of Dothistroma septosporum: an update.
A kinesin-like protein is essential for oriented deposition of cellulose microfibrils and cell wall strength.
The human non-muscle alpha-actinin protein encoded by the ACTN4 gene suppresses tumorigenicity of human neuroblastoma cells.
Mechanical Control of Whole Body Shape by a Single Cuticular Protein Obstructor-E in Drosophila melanogaster.
Extracytoplasmic function (ECF) sigma factor σF is involved in Caulobacter crescentus response to heavy metal stress.
Functional cloning and characterization of a plant efflux carrier for multidrug and heavy metal detoxification.
Characterization of a lysK gene as an argE homolog in Thermus thermophilus HB27.
Analysis of stress- and host cell-induced expression of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis inorganic pyrophosphatase.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of the aaNAT1 (Dat) locus in Drosophila melanogaster: differential expression of two gene products.
Cloning the AFURS1 gene which is up-regulated in senescent human parenchymal kidney cells.
Isolation and characterization of a novel class II histone deacetylase, HDAC10.
Gene cloning and functional characterization of four novel antimicrobial-like peptides from scorpions of the family Vaejovidae.
Nogo-B receptor is necessary for cellular dolichol biosynthesis and protein N-glycosylation.
Helix-loop-helix/basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor network represses cell elongation in Arabidopsis through an apparent incoherent feed-forward loop.
Novel alpha-KTx peptides from the venom of the scorpion Centruroides elegans selectively blockade Kv1.3 over IKCa1 K+ channels of T cells.
Growth-phase-dependent synthesis of histones in the archaeon Methanothermus fervidus.
Identification and characterization of leukocyte-associated Ig-like receptor-1 as a major anchor protein of tyrosine phosphatase SHP-1 in hematopoietic cells.
Aerobic tryptophan degradation pathway in bacteria: novel kynurenine formamidase.
A conserved, Mg²+-dependent exonuclease degrades organelle DNA during Arabidopsis pollen development.
A CBP integrator complex mediates transcriptional activation and AP-1 inhibition by nuclear receptors.
A novel protein, Pho92, has a conserved YTH domain and regulates phosphate metabolism by decreasing the mRNA stability of PHO4 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A myb gene required for leaf trichome differentiation in Arabidopsis is expressed in stipules.
An FMN hydrolase is fused to a riboflavin kinase homolog in plants.
Role of the methylcitrate cycle in Mycobacterium tuberculosis metabolism, intracellular growth, and virulence.
Role of the histidine 176 residue in glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase as probed by site-directed mutagenesis.
Oncogenic potential of EAG K(+) channels.
Frequent expression of new cancer/testis gene D40/AF15q14 in lung cancers of smokers.
Isolation and characterization of an autoinducer synthase from Acinetobacter baumannii.
Identification and characterization of a novel gene that is upregulated in leukaemia cells by nitric oxide.
Non-heme dioxygenase catalyzes atypical oxidations of 6,7-bicyclic systems to form the 6,6-quinolone core of viridicatin-type fungal alkaloids.
Molecular cloning of human testicular angiotensin-converting enzyme: the testis isozyme is identical to the C-terminal half of endothelial angiotensin-converting enzyme.
Arabidopsis Hsa32, a novel heat shock protein, is essential for acquired thermotolerance during long recovery after acclimation.
Proteomic comparison of needles from blister rust-resistant and susceptible Pinus strobus seedlings reveals upregulation of putative disease resistance proteins.
Two polyketide synthase-encoding genes are required for biosynthesis of the polyketide virulence factor, T-toxin, by Cochliobolus heterostrophus.
Antibody epitopes on the neuraminidase of a recent H3N2 influenza virus (A/Memphis/31/98).
A novel plant calmodulin-binding protein with a kinesin heavy chain motor domain.
Cloning and expression of the zebrafish germ cell nuclear factor.
Genomic scanning for expressed sequences in Xp21 identifies the glycerol kinase gene.
Several receptor tyrosine kinase genes of the Eph family are segmentally expressed in the developing hindbrain.
Construction of expression-ready cDNA clones for KIAA genes: manual curation of 330 KIAA cDNA clones.
Reconstitution and characterization of the Escherichia coli enterobactin synthetase from EntB, EntE, and EntF.
Cloning of a retinoic acid-induced gene, GT1, in the embryonal carcinoma cell line P19: neuron-specific expression in the mouse brain.
Mycobacterial Esx-3 requires multiple components for iron acquisition.
Nine-amino-acid transactivation domain: establishment and prediction utilities.
An additional transcript of the cdc25C gene from A431 cells encodes a functional protein.
The nucleotide sequence of the gene for malF protein, an inner membrane component of the maltose transport system of Escherichia coli. Repeated DNA sequences are found in the malE-malF intercistronic region.
A novel mouse HSF3 has the potential to activate nonclassical heat-shock genes during heat shock.
The bZIP transcription factor LCR-F1 is essential for mesoderm formation in mouse development.
An oleate hydroxylase from the fungus Claviceps purpurea: cloning, functional analysis, and expression in Arabidopsis.
Identification and characterization of a family of mammalian methyl-CpG binding proteins.
Purification and molecular cloning of a novel essential component of the apolipoprotein B mRNA editing enzyme-complex.
Cross-resistance between clofazimine and bedaquiline through upregulation of MmpL5 in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Human immunoglobulin C lambda 6 gene encodes the Kern+Oz-lambda chain and C lambda 4 and C lambda 5 are pseudogenes.
Distinct and overlapping expression patterns of ligands for Eph-related receptor tyrosine kinases during mouse embryogenesis.
High expression of PSM-E correlated with tumor grade in prostate cancer: a new alternatively spliced variant of prostate-specific membrane antigen.
Class-specific binding of two aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases to annexin, a Ca2+- and phospholipid-binding protein.
Molecular characterization of an Arabidopsis gene encoding a phospholipid-specific inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
Histone Variant H2A.L.2 Guides Transition Protein-Dependent Protamine Assembly in Male Germ Cells.
Selenoproteins and selenocysteine insertion system in the model plant cell system, Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Identification of a neural cell specific variant of microtubule-associated protein 4.
Molecular cloning of human GATA-6 DNA binding protein: high levels of expression in heart and gut.
An ATM homologue from Arabidopsis thaliana: complete genomic organisation and expression analysis.
Channel-mediated lactic acid transport: a novel function for aquaglyceroporins in bacteria.
Protons act as a transmitter for muscle contraction in C. elegans.
The conserved metalloprotease invadolysin localizes to the surface of lipid droplets.
The variable subunit associated with protein phosphatase 2A0 defines a novel multimember family of regulatory subunits.
The haploinsufficient tumor suppressor p18 upregulates p53 via interactions with ATM/ATR.
The tomato mutation nxd1 reveals a gene necessary for neoxanthin biosynthesis and demonstrates that violaxanthin is a sufficient precursor for abscisic acid biosynthesis.
In vitro conversion of propionate to pyruvate by Salmonella enterica enzymes: 2-methylcitrate dehydratase (PrpD) and aconitase Enzymes catalyze the conversion of 2-methylcitrate to 2-methylisocitrate.
Characterization of constricted fruit (ctf) mutant uncovers a role for AtMYB117/LOF1 in ovule and fruit development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Structure and expression of histone H3.3 genes in Drosophila melanogaster and Drosophila hydei.
Peptide purification, complementary deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and genomic DNA cloning, and functional characterization of ghrelin in rainbow trout.
Mice with mutations of Dock7 have generalized hypopigmentation and white-spotting but show normal neurological function.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a gene encoding glutaminase from Aspergillus oryzae.
Identification of novel transcribed sequences on human chromosome 22 by expressed sequence tag mapping.
Pollen semi-sterility1 encodes a kinesin-1-like protein important for male meiosis, anther dehiscence, and fertility in rice.
Assessment of Ki67 in breast cancer: recommendations from the International Ki67 in Breast Cancer working group.
Piccolo, a presynaptic zinc finger protein structurally related to bassoon.
BKCa and hEag1 channels regulate cell proliferation and differentiation in human bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Functional analysis of structural genes for NAD(+)-dependent formate dehydrogenase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Rab6c, a new member of the rab gene family, is involved in drug resistance in MCF7/AdrR cells.
Sequence of the lactose permease gene.
Identification and molecular characterization of acyl-CoA synthetase in human erythrocytes and erythroid precursors.
Truncated isoforms inhibit [3H]prazosin binding and cellular trafficking of native human alpha1A-adrenoceptors.
Clonal analysis of cmp44E, which encodes a conserved putative transmembrane protein, indicates a requirement for cell viability in Drosophila.
Very-KIND, a KIND domain containing RasGEF, controls dendrite growth by linking Ras small GTPases and MAP2.
Five open reading frames upstream of the dnaK gene of E. coli.
Identification and characterization of GONST1, a golgi-localized GDP-mannose transporter in Arabidopsis.
CLE-like (CLEL) peptides control the pattern of root growth and lateral root development in Arabidopsis.
Isolation and preliminary characterization of the human and mouse homologues of the bacterial cell cycle gene era.
MEPE, a new gene expressed in bone marrow and tumors causing osteomalacia.
Follistatin, an antagonist of activin, is expressed in the Spemann organizer and displays direct neuralizing activity.
Cloning and sequencing of a gene encoding a glutamate and aspartate carrier of Escherichia coli K-12.
Molecular cloning and the functional expression of two isoforms of human metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype 5.
The relationship between N-terminal sequences and immunological characterization of crustacean hemocyanins.
The multiphosphorylation domain of the phosphorylase kinase alpha M and alpha L subunits is a hotspot of differential mRNA processing and of molecular evolution.
Human Pumilio-2 is expressed in embryonic stem cells and germ cells and interacts with DAZ (Deleted in AZoospermia) and DAZ-like proteins.
Cloning and sequencing of the 7 alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase gene from Escherichia coli HB101 and characterization of the expressed enzyme.
Duet is a novel serine/threonine kinase with Dbl-Homology (DH) and Pleckstrin-Homology (PH) domains.
Metabolism of D-aminoacyl-tRNAs in Escherichia coli and Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells.
BmTx3, a scorpion toxin with two putative functional faces separately active on A-type K+ and HERG currents.
Regulation of active DNA demethylation by an α-crystallin domain protein in Arabidopsis.
Components of a new human protein kinase signal transduction pathway.
Purification, sequence, and pharmacological properties of sea anemone toxins from Radianthus paumotensis. A new class of sea anemone toxins acting on the sodium channel.
Properties of recombinant Staphylococcus haemolyticus cystathionine beta-lyase (metC) and its potential role in the generation of volatile thiols in axillary malodor.
Characterization of RasGRP2, a plasma membrane-targeted, dual specificity Ras/Rap exchange factor.
Cloning, expression and subcellular localization of HN1 and HN1L genes, as well as characterization of their orthologs, defining an evolutionarily conserved gene family.
Systematic analysis and nomenclature of mammalian F-box proteins.
Biochemical and structural characterization of Klebsiella pneumoniae oxamate amidohydrolase in the uric acid degradation pathway.
MODD Mediates Deactivation and Degradation of OsbZIP46 to Negatively Regulate ABA Signaling and Drought Resistance in Rice.
Functional characterization of a heteromeric NMDA receptor channel expressed from cloned cDNAs.
Structural and functional characterizations of SsgB, a conserved activator of developmental cell division in morphologically complex actinomycetes.
Guanine deaminase functions as dihydropterin deaminase in the biosynthesis of aurodrosopterin, a minor red eye pigment of Drosophila.
TRAM-1, A novel 160-kDa thyroid hormone receptor activator molecule, exhibits distinct properties from steroid receptor coactivator-1.
Shedding and gamma-secretase-mediated intramembrane proteolysis of the mucin-type molecule CD43.
Dual activity of certain HIT-proteins: A. thaliana Hint4 and C. elegans DcpS act on adenosine 5'-phosphosulfate as hydrolases (forming AMP) and as phosphorylases (forming ADP).
Structure and expression of the mouse gene encoding the orphan nuclear receptor TEC.
Cloning and cerebral expression of the guinea pig histamine H3 receptor: evidence for two isoforms.
The lmx1b gene is pivotal in glomus development in Xenopus laevis.
Zipzap/p200 is a novel zinc finger protein contributing to cardiac gene regulation.
Identification of 33 rice aquaporin genes and analysis of their expression and function.
Essential 110Cys in active site of membrane-associated prostaglandin E synthase-2.
CP43', the isiA gene product, functions as an excitation energy dissipator in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus sp. PCC 7942.
NODs: intracellular proteins involved in inflammation and apoptosis.
Molecular basis of the membrane-anchored and two soluble isoforms of the human interleukin 5 receptor alpha subunit.
The crystal structure of Desulfovibrio vulgaris dissimilatory sulfite reductase bound to DsrC provides novel insights into the mechanism of sulfate respiration.
IL-12 synergizes with IL-18 or IL-1beta for IFN-gamma production from human T cells.
Dephosphorylation of the small heat shock protein hsp25 by calcium/calmodulin-dependent (type 2B) protein phosphatase.
Infectious salmon anaemia virus nuclear export protein is encoded by a spliced gene product of genomic segment 7.
Mutation of the mouse klotho gene leads to a syndrome resembling ageing.
Synthesis and use of a novel N-formyl peptide derivative to isolate a human N-formyl peptide receptor cDNA.
Fungal Isocyanide Synthases and Xanthocillin Biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus.
The genes pme-1 and pme-2 encode two poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Guanine nucleotide exchange factor OSG-1 confers functional aging via dysregulated Rho signaling in Caenorhabditis elegans neurons.
PLAIDD, a type II death domain protein that interacts with p75 neurotrophin receptor.
The functional and structural characterization of a novel oncogene GIG47 involved in the breast tumorigenesis.
Bruton's tyrosine kinase activity is negatively regulated by Sab, the Btk-SH3 domain-binding protein.
Properties and primary structure of a thermostable L-malate dehydrogenase from Archaeoglobus fulgidus.
Escherichia coli toxin/antitoxin pair MqsR/MqsA regulate toxin CspD.
Hydantoin racemase from Arthrobacter aurescens DSM 3747: heterologous expression, purification and characterization.
Identification of MAGI-3 as a transforming growth factor-alpha tail binding protein.
Alternative form of the dicluster ferredoxin from the thermoacidophilic archaeon, Sulfolobus sp. strain 7.
Rho GTPase signaling in Dictyostelium discoideum: insights from the genome.
Identification of an L-methionine γ-lyase involved in the production of hydrogen sulfide from L-cysteine in Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum ATCC 25586.
Identification of a vibrio cholerae RTX toxin gene cluster that is tightly linked to the cholera toxin prophage.
Identification and characterization of an imprinted antisense RNA (MESTIT1) in the human MEST locus on chromosome 7q32.
Molecular cloning and expression analyses of mouse betaklotho, which encodes a novel Klotho family protein.
Structural basis of allotypes of ecto-nucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase (plasma cell membrane glycoprotein PC-1) in the mouse and rat, and analysis of allele-specific xenogeneic antibodies.
Isolation and characterization of a third isoform of human hepatocyte nuclear factor 4.
Mutations in a novel gene, NHS, cause the pleiotropic effects of Nance-Horan syndrome, including severe congenital cataract, dental anomalies, and mental retardation.
Evidence for a Niemann-pick C (NPC) gene family: identification and characterization of NPC1L1.
The prodrug activator EtaA from Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase.
Discovery and characterization of a 5-hydroxymethylfurfural oxidase from Methylovorus sp. strain MP688.
Cloning, sequence analysis and chromosome localization of a Drosophila muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
The Aspergillus parasiticus estA-encoded esterase converts versiconal hemiacetal acetate to versiconal and versiconol acetate to versiconol in aflatoxin biosynthesis.
Heterogeneity of endothelial junctions is reflected by differential expression and specific subcellular localization of the three JAM family members.
A novel gene family encoding leucine-rich repeat transmembrane proteins differentially expressed in the nervous system.
Whole exome sequencing identifies LRP1 as a pathogenic gene in autosomal recessive keratosis pilaris atrophicans.
Physical and functional characterization of the genetic locus of IBtk, an inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase: evidence for three protein isoforms of IBtk.
Expression of specific isoforms of protein 4.1 in erythroid and non-erythroid tissues.
Flying saucer1 is a transmembrane RING E3 ubiquitin ligase that regulates the degree of pectin methylesterification in Arabidopsis seed mucilage.
OsELF3 is involved in circadian clock regulation for promoting flowering under long-day conditions in rice.
Arabidopsis eIF3e (INT-6) associates with both eIF3c and the COP9 signalosome subunit CSN7.
Evolution in biosynthetic pathways: two enzymes catalyzing consecutive steps in methionine biosynthesis originate from a common ancestor and possess a similar regulatory region.
LAX and SPA: major regulators of shoot branching in rice.
A novel putative transmembrane protein, IZP6, is expressed in neural cells during embryogenesis.
The SALM family of adhesion-like molecules forms heteromeric and homomeric complexes.
Alternative splicing and gene structure of the transforming growth factor beta-activated kinase 1.
A novel epimerase that converts GlcNAc-P-P-undecaprenol to GalNAc-P-P-undecaprenol in Escherichia coli O157.
Molecular and immunological characterisation of a polymorphic cytosolic fatty acid binding protein from the human blood fluke of humans, Schistosoma japonicum.
A cluster of cuticle protein genes of Drosophila melanogaster at 65A: sequence, structure and evolution.
Identification and characterization of a multifunctional dye peroxidase from a lignin-reactive bacterium.
Structure of the Yersinia pestis FabV enoyl-ACP reductase and its interaction with two 2-pyridone inhibitors.
C. elegans serine-threonine kinase KIN-29 modulates TGFbeta signaling and regulates body size formation.
Cloning of interleukin-4 delta2 splice variant (IL-4delta2) in chimpanzee and cynomolgus macaque: phylogenetic analysis of delta2 splice variant appearance, and implications for the study of IL-4-driven immune processes.
An RNA recognition motif-containing protein is required for plastid RNA editing in Arabidopsis and maize.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human alcohol dehydrogenase gene (ADHFe1).
A receptor for the selective uptake and degradation of proteins by lysosomes.
Autosomal recessive phosphoglucomutase 3 (PGM3) mutations link glycosylation defects to atopy, immune deficiency, autoimmunity, and neurocognitive impairment.
Olfactory receptor pseudo-pseudogenes.
Differential signal transduction of the short, Nb2, and long prolactin receptors. Activation of interferon regulatory factor-1 and cell proliferation.
The mannitol repressor (MtlR) of Escherichia coli.
Cloning and expression of a rat D2 dopamine receptor cDNA.
Development of a coupled spectrophotometric assay for GlfT2, a bifunctional mycobacterial galactofuranosyltransferase.
The full-ORF clone resource of the German cDNA Consortium.
A cDNA clone encoding the ADP/ATP translocase of Drosophila melanogaster shows a high degree of similarity with the mammalian ADP/ATP translocases.
Inhibin binding protein in rats: alternative transcripts and regulation in the pituitary across the estrous cycle.
The N-end rule pathway promotes seed germination and establishment through removal of ABA sensitivity in Arabidopsis.
Autophagic cell death of pancreatic acinar cells in serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 3-deficient mice.
Purification and chemical composition of gpL115, the human lymphocyte surface sialoglycoprotein that is defective in Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome.
Requirement of LaeA for secondary metabolism and sclerotial production in Aspergillus flavus.
Identification and characterization of Iflavirus 3C-like protease processing activities.
Intermolecular interactions between cholecystokinin-8 and the third extracellular loop of the cholecystokinin-2 receptor.
Protein toxins that bind to muscarinic acetylcholine receptors.
Multiple mRNAs from the Punch locus of Drosophila melanogaster encode isoforms of GTP cyclohydrolase I with distinct N-terminal domains.
A search for proteins that interact genetically with histone H3 and H4 amino termini uncovers novel regulators of the Swe1 kinase in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Identification of novel alternative splice variants of APOBEC-1 complementation factor with different capacities to support apolipoprotein B mRNA editing.
par-1, a gene required for establishing polarity in C. elegans embryos, encodes a putative Ser/Thr kinase that is asymmetrically distributed.
Enzymatic reduction of phospholipid and cholesterol hydroperoxides in artificial bilayers and lipoproteins.
Independent human MAP-kinase signal transduction pathways defined by MEK and MKK isoforms.
Novel nucleolar protein, midnolin, is expressed in the mesencephalon during mouse development.
The Drosophila Eip78C gene is not vital but has a role in regulating chromosome puffs.
Hydroxyquinone O-methylation in mitomycin biosynthesis.
A novel NADPH:diamide oxidoreductase activity in arabidopsis thaliana P1 zeta-crystallin.
Biosynthesis of Branched Chain Amino Acids: From Test Tube to Field.
Regulation of Nitrite Stress Response in Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough, a Model Sulfate-Reducing Bacterium.
The middle region of an HP1-binding protein, HP1-BP74, associates with linker DNA at the entry/exit site of nucleosomal DNA.
Identification and characterization of nuclear pore complex components in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The telomere-associated homeobox-containing protein TAH1/HMBOX1 participates in telomere maintenance in ALT cells.
The ASYMMETRIC LEAVES2 gene of Arabidopsis thaliana regulates formation of a symmetric lamina, establishment of venation and repression of meristem-related homeobox genes in leaves.
A common inhibitory receptor for major histocompatibility complex class I molecules on human lymphoid and myelomonocytic cells.
Characterization of acidic Ca(2+)-independent phospholipase A2 of bovine lung.
Molecular identification and functional characterization of a Drosophila dual-specificity phosphatase DMKP-4 which is involved in PGN-induced activation of the JNK pathway.
The nucleosomal binding protein NSBP1 is highly expressed in the placenta and modulates the expression of differentiation markers in placental Rcho-1 cells.
ALTERED MERISTEM PROGRAM1 suppresses ectopic stem cell niche formation in the shoot apical meristem in a largely cytokinin-independent manner.
Novel heterochronic functions of the Caenorhabditis elegans period-related protein LIN-42.
Characterization of the aldo-keto reductase 1C gene cluster on pig chromosome 10: possible associations with reproductive traits.
Murine serine proteases MASP-1 and MASP-3, components of the lectin pathway activation complex of complement, are encoded by a single structural gene.
Cloning and expression of the rat prolactin receptor, a member of the growth hormone/prolactin receptor gene family.
New UDP-GlcNAc C4 epimerase involved in the biosynthesis of 2-acetamino-2-deoxy-L-altruronic acid in the O-antigen repeating units of Plesiomonas shigelloides O17.
Dynamic bridges--a calponin-domain kinesin from rice links actin filaments and microtubules in both cycling and non-cycling cells.
Characterisation of DRASIC in the mouse inner ear.
Characterization of a novel bifunctional dihydropteroate synthase/dihydropteroate reductase enzyme from Helicobacter pylori.
DREG, a developmentally regulated G protein-coupled receptor containing two conserved proteolytic cleavage sites.
Complexity generation in fungal peptidyl alkaloid biosynthesis: oxidation of fumiquinazoline A to the heptacyclic hemiaminal fumiquinazoline C by the flavoenzyme Af12070 from Aspergillus fumigatus.
PMT family of Candida albicans: five protein mannosyltransferase isoforms affect growth, morphogenesis and antifungal resistance.
Two novel Xenopus homologs of mammalian LP(A1)/EDG-2 function as lysophosphatidic acid receptors in Xenopus oocytes and mammalian cells.
Tonicity-responsive enhancer binding protein, a rel-like protein that stimulates transcription in response to hypertonicity.
Structure of a [2Fe-2S] ferredoxin from Rhodobacter capsulatus likely involved in Fe-S cluster biogenesis and conformational changes observed upon reduction.
Crystal structure of mannanase 26A from Pseudomonas cellulosa and analysis of residues involved in substrate binding.
Characterization of human mucin MUC17. Complete coding sequence and organization.
Characterization of Cxorf5 (71-7A), a novel human cDNA mapping to Xp22 and encoding a protein containing coiled-coil alpha-helical domains.
Interleukin-20 promotes angiogenesis in a direct and indirect manner.
Alternative splicing in the ligand binding domain of mouse ApoE receptor-2 produces receptor variants binding reelin but not alpha 2-macroglobulin.
Skin secretion peptides: the molecular facet of the deimatic behavior of the four-eyed frog, Physalaemus nattereri (Anura, Leptodactylidae).
Splicing switch of an epigenetic regulator by RNA helicases promotes tumor-cell invasiveness.
Catalase and NO CATALASE ACTIVITY1 promote autophagy-dependent cell death in Arabidopsis.
Maturation of nitrogenase cofactor-the role of a class E radical SAM methyltransferase NifB.
Structure of Human B12 Trafficking Protein CblD Reveals Molecular Mimicry and Identifies a New Subfamily of Nitro-FMN Reductases.
Mechanism of Lys48-linked polyubiquitin chain recognition by the Mud1 UBA domain.
RAP55, a cytoplasmic mRNP component, represses translation in Xenopus oocytes.
Dihydropyrimidine amidohydrolases and dihydroorotases share the same origin and several enzymatic properties.
IRF-7, a new interferon regulatory factor associated with Epstein-Barr virus latency.
Family business: the multidrug-resistance related protein (MRP) ABC transporter genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The plant PDR family of ABC transporters.
Cloning and expression of multiple protein kinase C cDNAs.
Arabidopsis L-type lectin receptor kinases: phylogeny, classification, and expression profiles.
Three novel ABCC5 splice variants in human retina and their role as regulators of ABCC5 gene expression.
Cloning of the gene encoding a novel integral membrane protein, mucolipidin-and identification of the two major founder mutations causing mucolipidosis type IV.
Identification and cDNA cloning of a novel human mosaic protein, LGN, based on interaction with G alpha i2.
Isolation and characterization of a novel lectin from the wild mushroom Xerocomus spadiceus.
Molecular characterization of the proU loci of Salmonella typhimurium and Escherichia coli encoding osmoregulated glycine betaine transport systems.
Patterns and implications of gene gain and loss in the evolution of Prochlorococcus.
A gene encoding a protein with zinc fingers is activated during G0/G1 transition in cultured cells.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XIV. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Spatial and temporal expression of two transcriptional isoforms of Lhx3, a LIM class homeobox gene, during embryogenesis of two phylogenetically remote ascidians, Halocynthia roretzi and Ciona intestinalis.
The disulphide bonds of erabutoxin a, a neurotoxic protein of a sea-snake (Laticauda semifasciata) venom.
Identification of a Chemoreceptor for C2 and C3 Carboxylic Acids.
Psc-AFP, an antifungal protein with trypsin inhibitor activity from Psoralea corylifolia seeds.
Unusual regulation of a leaderless operon involved in the catabolism of dimethylsulfoniopropionate in Rhodobacter sphaeroides.
High-affinity consensus binding of target RNAs by the STAR/GSG proteins GLD-1, STAR-2 and Quaking.
SAF-3, a novel splice variant of the SAF-1/MAZ/Pur-1 family, is expressed during inflammation.
Evidence for participation of GCS1 in fertilization of the starlet sea anemone Nematostella vectensis: implication of a common mechanism of sperm-egg fusion in plants and animals.
The octahaem MccA is a haem c-copper sulfite reductase.
Molecular cloning of a full-length cDNA for human type 3 adenylyl cyclase and its expression in human islets.
Unexpected novel relational links uncovered by extensive developmental profiling of nuclear receptor expression.
Two thymidine kinases and one multisubstrate deoxyribonucleoside kinase salvage DNA precursors in Arabidopsis thaliana.
PSM2, a novel protein similar to MCAF2, is involved in the mouse embryonic and adult male gonad development.
Molecular characterization of a third member of the guanylyl cyclase-activating protein subfamily.
Binding specificity of sea anemone toxins to Nav 1.1-1.6 sodium channels: unexpected contributions from differences in the IV/S3-S4 outer loop.
Characterization of the Rhodococcus sp. NI86/21 gene encoding alcohol: N,N'-dimethyl-4-nitrosoaniline oxidoreductase inducible by atrazine and thiocarbamate herbicides.
Cloning of the rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) Mx2 and Mx3 cDNAs and characterization of trout Mx protein expression in salmon cells.
Role of the Escherichia coli O157:H7 O side chain in adherence and analysis of an rfb locus.
The Arabidopsis thaliana ABSCISIC ACID-INSENSITIVE8 encodes a novel protein mediating abscisic acid and sugar responses essential for growth.
Structural basis for removal of adenine mispaired with 8-oxoguanine by MutY adenine DNA glycosylase.
Cloning, expression and chromosome mapping of adducin-like 70 (ADDL), a human cDNA highly homologous to human erythrocyte adducin.
Novel protein-tyrosine kinase gene (hck) preferentially expressed in cells of hematopoietic origin.
Characterization of the mmsAB operon of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO encoding methylmalonate-semialdehyde dehydrogenase and 3-hydroxyisobutyrate dehydrogenase.
FadA5 a thiolase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis: a steroid-binding pocket reveals the potential for drug development against tuberculosis.
Neuropeptidomics of the carpenter ant Camponotus floridanus.
Identification and molecular analysis of glgS, a novel growth-phase-regulated and rpoS-dependent gene involved in glycogen synthesis in Escherichia coli.
Multiple transcription start sites and alternative splicing in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene result in two enzyme isoforms.
Three Pectin Methylesterase Inhibitors Protect Cell Wall Integrity for Arabidopsis Immunity to <i>Botrytis</i>.
Rapid sensitive analysis of cysteine rich peptide venom components.
In vivo systematic analysis of Candida albicans Zn2-Cys6 transcription factors mutants for mice organ colonization.
Identification and expression of genes involved in biosynthesis of L-oleandrose and its intermediate L-olivose in the oleandomycin producer Streptomyces antibioticus.
Identification of human MutY homolog (hMYH) as a repair enzyme for 2-hydroxyadenine in DNA and detection of multiple forms of hMYH located in nuclei and mitochondria.
A gene cluster encoding steps in conversion of naphthalene to gentisate in Pseudomonas sp. strain U2.
An m<sup>6</sup>A-YTH Module Controls Developmental Timing and Morphogenesis in Arabidopsis.
Expression of glutathione reductase splice variants in human tissues.
Multiple molecular forms of glucagon and insulin in the kaluga sturgeon, Huso dauricus.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis 19-kDa lipoprotein inhibits IFN-gamma-induced chromatin remodeling of MHC2TA by TLR2 and MAPK signaling.
NAL1 allele from a rice landrace greatly increases yield in modern indica cultivars.
A novel Myc-target gene, mimitin, that is involved in cell proliferation of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Characterization of a brain-enriched chaperone, MRJ, that inhibits Huntingtin aggregation and toxicity independently.
Structural basis of transcription: alpha-amanitin-RNA polymerase II cocrystal at 2.8 A resolution.
Characterization of the human, mouse and rat PGC1 beta (peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-gamma co-activator 1 beta) gene in vitro and in vivo.
Telokin expression is restricted to smooth muscle tissues during mouse development.
Structure of bacterial glutathione-S-transferase maleyl pyruvate isomerase and implications for mechanism of isomerisation.
The FeSII protein of Azotobacter vinelandii is not essential for aerobic nitrogen fixation, but confers significant protection to oxygen-mediated inactivation of nitrogenase in vitro and in vivo.
Connecdenn, a novel DENN domain-containing protein of neuronal clathrin-coated vesicles functioning in synaptic vesicle endocytosis.
Nexilin: a novel actin filament-binding protein localized at cell-matrix adherens junction.
Effects of chilling on male gametophyte development in rice.
Type 1 neurofibromatosis gene: identification of a large transcript disrupted in three NF1 patients.
Corynebacterium glutamicum utilizes both transsulfuration and direct sulfhydrylation pathways for methionine biosynthesis.
3-Isopropylmalate dehydrogenase from chemolithoautotroph Thiobacillus ferrooxidans: DNA sequence, enzyme purification, and characterization.
Cloning and identification of a novel human gene PDLIM5, a homolog of AD-associated neuronal thread protein (AD7c-NTP).
The Caenorhabditis elegans ems class homeobox gene ceh-2 is required for M3 pharynx motoneuron function.
Role of 4-hydroxybutyrate-CoA synthetase in the CO2 fixation cycle in thermoacidophilic archaea.
Oxidative stress and heat shock induce a human gene encoding a protein-tyrosine phosphatase.
Siderophore biosynthesis but not reductive iron assimilation is essential for Aspergillus fumigatus virulence.
Regiospecificities and prenylation mode specificities of the fungal indole diterpene prenyltransferases AtmD and PaxD.
Large-scale screening for novel low-affinity extracellular protein interactions.
Toward a catalog of human genes and proteins: sequencing and analysis of 500 novel complete protein coding human cDNAs.
Expression of a novel transcript of the myelin basic protein gene.
Comparative DNA sequence analysis of mouse and human protocadherin gene clusters.
Expression cloning of complementary DNA encoding three distinct isoforms of guinea pig Fc receptor for IgG1 and IgG2.
Molecular cloning of a murine glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase-like protein 1 (xGPAT1).
Lovastatin biosynthesis in Aspergillus terreus: characterization of blocked mutants, enzyme activities and a multifunctional polyketide synthase gene.
Neuropeptides associated with the central nervous system of the cabbage root fly, Delia radicum (L).
C. elegans SUR-6/PR55 cooperates with LET-92/protein phosphatase 2A and promotes Raf activity independently of inhibitory Akt phosphorylation sites.
The Putative mevalonate diphosphate decarboxylase from Picrophilus torridus is in reality a mevalonate-3-kinase with high potential for bioproduction of isobutene.
Influence of post-starvation extraction time and prey-specific diet in Tityus serrulatus scorpion venom composition and hyaluronidase activity.
One substrate, five products: reactions catalyzed by the dihydroneopterin aldolase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
[NAD-dependent formate dehydrogenase of methylotrophic bacteria Pseudomonas sp. 101: cloning, expression, and study of the genetic structure].
KMS1 and KMS2, two plant endoplasmic reticulum proteins involved in the early secretory pathway.
The sequence of the mer operon of pMER327/419 and transposon ends of pMER327/419, 330 and 05.
Molecular characterization of a novel human endothelin receptor splice variant.
LSCHL4 from Japonica Cultivar, which is allelic to NAL1, increases yield of indica super rice 93-11.
Gene expression and characterization of two 2-oxoacid:ferredoxin oxidoreductases from Aeropyrum pernix K1.
Cloning of the 5' mRNA for the 230-kD bullous pemphigoid antigen by rapid amplification of cDNA ends.
Identification and characterization of six new alternatively spliced variants of the human mu opioid receptor gene, Oprm.
GBAS, a novel gene encoding a protein with tyrosine phosphorylation sites and a transmembrane domain, is co-amplified with EGFR.
Cloning, expression analysis, and chromosomal localization of BH-protocadherin (PCDH7), a novel member of the cadherin superfamily.
Novel human HALR (MLL3) gene encodes a protein homologous to ALR and to ALL-1 involved in leukemia, and maps to chromosome 7q36 associated with leukemia and developmental defects.
Molecular cloning of a plant N-acetylserotonin methyltransferase and its expression characteristics in rice.
Novel family of CCCH-type zinc-finger proteins, MOE-1, -2 and -3, participates in C. elegans oocyte maturation.
Analysis of the HypC-hycE complex, a key intermediate in the assembly of the metal center of the Escherichia coli hydrogenase 3.
The extracellular signal-regulated kinase: multiple substrates regulate diverse cellular functions.
The functional domain of GCS1-based gamete fusion resides in the amino terminus in plant and parasite species.
Snake venom toxins. The amino-acid sequences of three toxins (9B, 11 and 12A) from Hemachatus haemachatus (Ringhals) venom.
Polarization of the C. elegans embryo by RhoGAP-mediated exclusion of PAR-6 from cell contacts.
Organellar mechanosensitive channels in fission yeast regulate the hypo-osmotic shock response.
The role of pyruvate dehydrogenase and acetyl-coenzyme A synthetase in fatty acid synthesis in developing Arabidopsis seeds.
Cloning and characterization of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein gene and its potential connection with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) in blunt snout bream (Megalobrama amblycephala).
Sex-specific expression of an evolutionarily conserved male regulatory gene, DMRT1, in birds.
Serial time-resolved crystallography of photosystem II using a femtosecond X-ray laser.
Three sorting nexins drive the degradation of apoptotic cells in response to PtdIns(3)P signaling.
Crystallographic and molecular dynamics simulation analysis of Escherichia coli dihydroneopterin aldolase.
The m<sup>6</sup>A pathway facilitates sex determination in Drosophila.
Increased expression level of the splicing variant of SIP1 in motor neuron diseases.
A nonsense mutation in the alpha1 subunit of the inhibitory glycine receptor associated with bovine myoclonus.
Nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NPS) genes in Fusarium graminearum, F. culmorum and F. pseudograminearium and identification of NPS2 as the producer of ferricrocin.
Conservation of structure and protein-protein interactions mediated by the secreted mycobacterial proteins EsxA, EsxB, and EspA.
Molecular mechanisms underlying the differential expression of maize pyruvate, orthophosphate dikinase genes.
Characterization of mRNA interferases from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Bacillus subtilis aconitase is an RNA-binding protein.
LIN, a novel type of U-box/WD40 protein, controls early infection by rhizobia in legumes.
A cDNA clone containing the entire coding sequence of a mouse H-2Kd histocompatibility antigen.
Hemoglobin structure/function and globin-gene evolution in the Arctic fish Liparis tunicatus.
Structure of the human gene and two rat cDNAs encoding the alpha chain of GTP-binding regulatory protein Go: two different mRNAs are generated by alternative splicing.
Molecular characterization and differential expression of cytokinin-responsive type-A response regulators in rice (Oryza sativa).
Krüppel-homolog, a stage-specific modulator of the prepupal ecdysone response, is essential for Drosophila metamorphosis.
De novo sequencing and characterization of a novel Bowman-Birk inhibitor from Lathyrus sativus L. seeds by electrospray mass spectrometry.
ZASP: a new Z-band alternatively spliced PDZ-motif protein.
Two different RNA binding activities for the AU-rich element and the poly(A) sequence of the mouse neuronal protein mHuC.
Isolation of new polar granule components in Drosophila reveals P body and ER associated proteins.
Haematopoietic stem cell induction by somite-derived endothelial cells controlled by meox1.
Cypher, a striated muscle-restricted PDZ and LIM domain-containing protein, binds to alpha-actinin-2 and protein kinase C.
The nonmuscle myosin regulatory light chain gene mlc-4 is required for cytokinesis, anterior-posterior polarity, and body morphology during Caenorhabditis elegans embryogenesis.
Allelic diversities in rice starch biosynthesis lead to a diverse array of rice eating and cooking qualities.
Cloning, characterisation and heterologous expression of an astacin metalloprotease, Sc-AST, from the entomoparasitic nematode Steinernema carpocapsae.
Structural and functional analogs of the novel mammalian neuropeptide, neuromedin S (NmS), in the dermal venoms of Eurasian bombinid toads.
Isolation and characterization of PDE8A, a novel human cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase.
IDN2 and its paralogs form a complex required for RNA-directed DNA methylation.
The EF-Hand Ca2+ Binding Protein MICU Choreographs Mitochondrial Ca2+ Dynamics in Arabidopsis.
A genome-wide search for synaptic vesicle cycle proteins in Drosophila.
A mutation in the Arabidopsis mTERF-related plastid protein SOLDAT10 activates retrograde signaling and suppresses (1)O(2)-induced cell death.
Hematopoietic cells express two forms of lyn kinase differing by 21 amino acids in the amino terminus.
Isolation and characterization of a novel glutamine synthetase from Rhizobium meliloti.
Evolutionary and structural analyses of mammalian haloacid dehalogenase-type phosphatases AUM and chronophin provide insight into the basis of their different substrate specificities.
Alfalfa Mob 1-like genes are expressed in reproductive organs during meiosis and gametogenesis.
The MEKK1-MKK1/MKK2-MPK4 kinase cascade negatively regulates immunity mediated by a mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase in Arabidopsis.
Molecular characterization of KMP11 from Trypanosoma cruzi: a cytoskeleton-associated protein regulated at the translational level.
Crucial role of copper in detection of metal-coordinating odorants.
A widely employed germ cell marker is an ancient disordered protein with reproductive functions in diverse eukaryotes.
Tat-dependent translocation of an F420-binding protein of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Isolation of an hMSH2-p160 heterodimer that restores DNA mismatch repair to tumor cells.
GTBP, a 160-kilodalton protein essential for mismatch-binding activity in human cells.
dcp gene of Escherichia coli: cloning, sequencing, transcript mapping, and characterization of the gene product.
Annotation of human chromosome 21 for relevance to Down syndrome: gene structure and expression analysis.
Identification and characterization of a tyramine-glutamate ligase (MfnD) involved in methanofuran biosynthesis.
Two LysM receptor molecules, CEBiP and OsCERK1, cooperatively regulate chitin elicitor signaling in rice.
Identification and characterization of membralin, a novel tumor-associated gene, in ovarian carcinoma.
The elongata mutants identify a functional Elongator complex in plants with a role in cell proliferation during organ growth.
Functional analysis of folate polyglutamylation and its essential role in plant metabolism and development.
Amino acid sequence of the encephalitogenic basic protein from human myelin.
The human testis determining factor SRY binds a nuclear factor containing PDZ protein interaction domains.
Recent gene duplication and subfunctionalization produced a mitochondrial GrpE, the nucleotide exchange factor of the Hsp70 complex, specialized in thermotolerance to chronic heat stress in Arabidopsis.
Molecular characterization of the family of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunits.
Human PDE4A8, a novel brain-expressed PDE4 cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase that has undergone rapid evolutionary change.
Molecular cloning, genomic organization, genetic variations, and characterization of murine sterolin genes Abcg5 and Abcg8.
AcnC of Escherichia coli is a 2-methylcitrate dehydratase (PrpD) that can use citrate and isocitrate as substrates.
abf-1 and abf-2, ASABF-type antimicrobial peptide genes in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Three distinct human thymopoietins are derived from alternatively spliced mRNAs.
A synopsis of eukaryotic Nalpha-terminal acetyltransferases: nomenclature, subunits and substrates.
Cloning, nucleotide sequence and characterization of genes encoding naphthalene dioxygenase of Pseudomonas putida strain NCIB9816.
A multiparameter network reveals extensive divergence between C. elegans bHLH transcription factors.
Five novel antimicrobial peptides from the Kuhl's wart frog skin secretions, Limnonectes kuhlii.
Molecular characterization of the murine thymidylate kinase gene.
Identification and expression of a cDNA encoding human alpha-amino-beta-carboxymuconate-epsilon-semialdehyde decarboxylase (ACMSD). A key enzyme for the tryptophan-niacine pathway and "quinolinate hypothesis".
Molecular characterization of ONAC300, a novel NAC gene specifically expressed at early stages in various developing tissues of rice.
The cDNA sequence encoding bovine SP-22, a new defence system against reactive oxygen species in mitochondria.
Cloning and chromosomal localization of two novel human genes encoding LIM-domain binding factors CLIM1 and CLIM2/LDB1/NLI.
Analysis of the Escherichia coli glycogen gene cluster suggests that catabolic enzymes are encoded among the biosynthetic genes.
Streptomyces hygroscopicus has two glutamine synthetase genes.
Dynamic Control of X Chromosome Conformation and Repression by a Histone H4K20 Demethylase.
Coiled-coil fibrous domains mediate ligand binding by macrophage scavenger receptor type II.
Identification of a plant receptor for extracellular ATP.
Forkhead-associated domains of the tobacco NtFHA1 transcription activator and the yeast Fhl1 forkhead transcription factor are functionally conserved.
The nematode homologue of Mediator complex subunit 28, F28F8.5, is a critical regulator of <i>C. elegans</i> development.
Secretion of elastinolytic enzymes and their propeptides by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Ggamma in dictyostelium: its role in localization of gbetagamma to the membrane is required for chemotaxis in shallow gradients.
Identification and characterization of an ABA-activated MAP kinase cascade in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The sites of neurotoxicity in alpha-cobratoxin.
Novel protein kinase C delta isoform insensitive to caspase-3.
A membrane-fixed, truncated isoform of the human growth hormone receptor.
Characterization of four mammalian 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydratases involved in very long-chain fatty acid synthesis.
Structural basis for parasite-specific functions of the divergent profilin of Plasmodium falciparum.
Genes in a 220-kb region spanning the TNF cluster in human MHC.
Antimicrobial peptides from arachnid venoms and their microbicidal activity in the presence of commercial antibiotics.
Molecular cloning of cDNA encoding the rat neural cell adhesion molecule L1. Two L1 isoforms in the cytoplasmic region are produced by differential splicing.
A substitution at His-120 in the LasA protease of Pseudomonas aeruginosa blocks enzymatic activity without affecting propeptide processing or extracellular secretion.
The Neurospora crassa mutant NcΔEgt-1 identifies an ergothioneine biosynthetic gene and demonstrates that ergothioneine enhances conidial survival and protects against peroxide toxicity during conidial germination.
MRM2 and MRM3 are involved in biogenesis of the large subunit of the mitochondrial ribosome.
Molecular cloning of a truncated isoform of the human follicle stimulating hormone receptor.
Alternatively spliced ltk mRNA in neurons predicts a receptor with a larger putative extracellular domain.
Two Redundant Receptor-Like Cytoplasmic Kinases Function Downstream of Pattern Recognition Receptors to Regulate Activation of SA Biosynthesis.
Substrate specificity of endo-beta-galactosidases from Flavobacterium keratolyticus and Escherichia freundii is different from that of Pseudomonas sp.
Steroid/thyroid hormone receptor genes in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Tissue-specific expression of three distinct types of rabbit protein kinase C.
Characterization of a cytotoxin-like basic protein from the cobra (Naja naja naja) venom.
Topographic organization of embryonic motor neurons defined by expression of LIM homeobox genes.
A truncated isoform of the protein phosphatase 2A B56gamma regulatory subunit may promote genetic instability and cause tumor progression.
A proprotein convertase/MMP-14 proteolytic cascade releases a novel 40 kDa vasculostatin from tumor suppressor BAI1.
A PIP-family protein is required for biosynthesis of tobacco alkaloids.
Molecular cloning of two isoforms of a receptor for the human hematopoietic cytokine interleukin-11.
Structural basis for nucleotide recognition by the ectoenzyme CD203c.
KIF1B, a novel microtubule plus end-directed monomeric motor protein for transport of mitochondria.
Blocking histone deacetylation in Arabidopsis induces pleiotropic effects on plant gene regulation and development.
Endoglin, an ancillary TGFbeta receptor, is required for extraembryonic angiogenesis and plays a key role in heart development.
Elongation factor methyltransferase 3--a novel eukaryotic lysine methyltransferase.
Kinetic mechanism and inhibition of Mycobacterium tuberculosis D-alanine:D-alanine ligase by the antibiotic D-cycloserine.
Nessun Dorma, a novel centralspindlin partner, is required for cytokinesis in Drosophila spermatocytes.
Genomic organization, alternative splicing, and expression of human and mouse N-RAP, a nebulin-related LIM protein of striated muscle.
Involvement of Arabidopsis HOS15 in histone deacetylation and cold tolerance.
The proneural gene ascl1a is required for endocrine differentiation and cell survival in the zebrafish adenohypophysis.
Expression and activity of mutants of fasciculin, a peptidic acetylcholinesterase inhibitor from mamba venom.
Identification of novel co-repressor molecules for Interferon Regulatory Factor-2.
A novel splice variant of the transcription factor Nrf1 interacts with the TNFalpha promoter and stimulates transcription.
Nucleotide and deduced amino acid sequence of cDNAs encoding two isoforms for the 17,000 dalton myosin light chain in bovine aortic smooth muscle.
Mapping of six germ-cell-specific genes to mouse chromosomes.
Fibroblast growth factor 13 is essential for neural differentiation in Xenopus early embryonic development.
Identification and characterization of a PDZ protein that interacts with activin type II receptors.
DRM1 and DRM2 expression regulation: potential role of splice variants in response to stress and environmental factors in Arabidopsis.
The MutT proteins or "Nudix" hydrolases, a family of versatile, widely distributed, "housecleaning" enzymes.
Hrs is associated with STAM, a signal-transducing adaptor molecule. Its suppressive effect on cytokine-induced cell growth.
NEDD4L on human chromosome 18q21 has multiple forms of transcripts and is a homologue of the mouse Nedd4-2 gene.
Serological and biochemical properties of the major outer membrane protein within strains of the genus Actinobacillus.
CIPP, a novel multivalent PDZ domain protein, selectively interacts with Kir4.0 family members, NMDA receptor subunits, neurexins, and neuroligins.
Substrate specificities and conformational flexibility of 3-ketosteroid 9α-hydroxylases.
Cloning of the cDNA (DSC1) coding for human type 1 desmocollin and its assignment to chromosome 18.
Novel secreted isoform of adhesion molecule ICAM-4: potential regulator of membrane-associated ICAM-4 interactions.
CTF5--a new transcriptional activator of the NFI/CTF family.
The ADAM1a and ADAM1b genes, instead of the ADAM1 (fertilin alpha) gene, are localized on mouse chromosome 5.
Characterization of the FIDDLEHEAD gene of Arabidopsis reveals a link between adhesion response and cell differentiation in the epidermis.
MTR4, a putative RNA helicase and exosome co-factor, is required for proper rRNA biogenesis and development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of novel peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) isoform in human liver.
Identification of CD16-2, a novel mouse receptor homologous to CD16/Fc gamma RIII.
First Biochemical Characterization of a Methylcitric Acid Cycle from Bacillus subtilis Strain 168.
The t(4;11) chromosome translocation of human acute leukemias fuses the ALL-1 gene, related to Drosophila trithorax, to the AF-4 gene.
Isolation and RNA gel blot analysis of genes that could serve as potential molecular markers for leaf senescence in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Prp19 complex and the Usp4Sart3 deubiquitinating enzyme control reversible ubiquitination at the spliceosome.
Abl-interactor-1, a novel SH3 protein binding to the carboxy-terminal portion of the Abl protein, suppresses v-abl transforming activity.
Ethionamide activation and sensitivity in multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
HLA-G mRNA forms in human trophoblasts and peripheral blood lymphocytes: potential use in prenatal diagnosis.
Electrophysiological characterization of an alternatively processed ERG K+ channel in mouse and human hearts.
Nitrilase and Fhit homologs are encoded as fusion proteins in Drosophila melanogaster and Caenorhabditis elegans.
The localization of myosin VI at the golgi complex and leading edge of fibroblasts and its phosphorylation and recruitment into membrane ruffles of A431 cells after growth factor stimulation.
Expansion of the human mu-opioid receptor gene architecture: novel functional variants.
Novel K(+)-channel-blocking toxins from the venom of the scorpion Centruroides limpidus limpidus Karsch.
Translational roles of elongation factor 2 protein lysine methylation.
Photoactivated adenylyl cyclase controls phototaxis in the flagellate Euglena gracilis.
A new alpha-galactosyl-binding protein from the mushroom Lyophyllum decastes.
Adaptor protein LRAP25 mediates myotonic dystrophy kinase-related Cdc42-binding kinase (MRCK) regulation of LIMK1 protein in lamellipodial F-actin dynamics.
IgA nephropathy-specific expression of the IgA Fc receptors (CD89) on blood phagocytic cells.
Alternative splicing generates at least five different isoforms of the human basic-FGF receptor.
SIP, a novel ankyrin repeat containing protein, sequesters steroid receptor coactivators in the cytoplasm.
The bacillus subtilis dinR gene codes for the analogue of Escherichia coli LexA. Purification and characterization of the DinR protein.
Characterization of the genomic structure of the mouse limbic system-associated membrane protein (Lsamp) gene.
Model-enabled gene search (MEGS) allows fast and direct discovery of enzymatic and transport gene functions in the marine bacterium <i>Vibrio fischeri</i>.
Neurobeachin: A protein kinase A-anchoring, beige/Chediak-higashi protein homolog implicated in neuronal membrane traffic.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XVIII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
RADX Promotes Genome Stability and Modulates Chemosensitivity by Regulating RAD51 at Replication Forks.
Noelin-1 is a secreted glycoprotein involved in generation of the neural crest.
p190RhoGAP proteins contain pseudoGTPase domains.
Characterization of novel secreted and membrane proteins isolated by the signal sequence trap method.
Dihydropteroate synthase from Streptococcus pneumoniae: characterization of substrate binding order and sulfonamide inhibition.
Alternative mRNA splicing of the novel GTPase Rab28 generates isoforms with different C-termini.
Frontoxins, three-finger toxins from Micrurus frontalis venom, decrease miniature endplate potential amplitude at frog neuromuscular junction.
The Arabidopsis AAA ATPase SKD1 is involved in multivesicular endosome function and interacts with its positive regulator LYST-INTERACTING PROTEIN5.
Comprehensive analysis of keratin gene clusters in humans and rodents.
Aplysia neurons express a gene encoding multiple FMRFamide neuropeptides.
Characterization of a β-adrenergic-like octopamine receptor from the rice stem borer (Chilo suppressalis).
Characterization of otoconin-95, the major protein of murine otoconia, provides insights into the formation of these inner ear biominerals.
The hepatitis B virus X-associated protein, XAP3, is a protein kinase C-binding protein.
Cloning and characterization of dominant negative splice variants of the human histamine H4 receptor.
Two prohormones for gastrin-releasing peptide are encoded by two mRNAs differing by 19 nucleotides.
Honeybee (Apis mellifera L.) mrjp gene family: computational analysis of putative promoters and genomic structure of mrjp1, the gene coding for the most abundant protein of larval food.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of chicken luteinizing hormone receptor.
Mammalian SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling complexes and cancer: Mechanistic insights gained from human genomics.
Phosphorylation of trihelix transcriptional repressor ASR3 by MAP KINASE4 negatively regulates Arabidopsis immunity.
NMR-based binding screen and structural analysis of the complex formed between alpha-cobratoxin and an 18-mer cognate peptide derived from the alpha 1 subunit of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor from Torpedo californica.
Human homologues of the bacterial heat-shock protein DnaJ are preferentially expressed in neurons.
An Ichor-dependent apical extracellular matrix regulates seamless tube shape and integrity.
Identification of avian sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase (SERCA3) as a novel 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) target gene in the monocytic lineage.
Inhibition of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase/AP-1 and NF-kappaB pathways by PICOT, a novel protein kinase C-interacting protein with a thioredoxin homology domain.
Characterisation of 5-HT3C, 5-HT3D and 5-HT3E receptor subunits: evolution, distribution and function.
hDKIR, a human homologue of the Drosophila kelch protein, involved in a ring-like structure.
The Arf6 GEF GEP100/BRAG2 regulates cell adhesion by controlling endocytosis of beta1 integrins.
The genetic control of the molybdoflavoproteins in Aspergillus nidulans. IV. A comparison between purine hydroxylase I and II.
DAP-5, a novel homolog of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4G isolated as a putative modulator of gamma interferon-induced programmed cell death.
A New Member of Gamma-Conotoxin Family Isolated from Conus princeps Displays a Novel Molecular Target.
Natural variation in arsenate tolerance identifies an arsenate reductase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Parkin expression in the adult mouse brain.
MurJ and a novel lipid II flippase are required for cell wall biogenesis in Bacillus subtilis.
Cloning and characterization of an endo-beta-1,3(4)glucanase and an aspartic protease from Phaffia rhodozyma CBS 6938.
The human and mouse SLC25A29 mitochondrial transporters rescue the deficient ornithine metabolism in fibroblasts of patients with the hyperornithinemia-hyperammonemia-homocitrullinuria (HHH) syndrome.
Molecular cloning and chromosomal localization of human membrane cofactor protein (MCP). Evidence for inclusion in the multigene family of complement-regulatory proteins.
Evolution of TNF signaling mechanisms: JNK-dependent apoptosis triggered by Eiger, the Drosophila homolog of the TNF superfamily.
Characterization of periphilin, a widespread, highly insoluble nuclear protein and potential constituent of the keratinocyte cornified envelope.
In vivo generation of an adenylylcyclase isoform with a half-molecule motif.
Identification and cloning of a sequence homologue of dopamine beta-hydroxylase.
Identification of CT46/HORMAD1, an immunogenic cancer/testis antigen encoding a putative meiosis-related protein.
Human cDNA clones for four species of G alpha s signal transduction protein.
Regionalisation of anterior neuroectoderm and its competence in responding to forebrain and midbrain inducing activities depend on mutual antagonism between OTX2 and GBX2.
A metalloproteinase disintegrin that releases tumour-necrosis factor-alpha from cells.
Polymorphism and domain variability of human killer cell inhibitory receptors.
An Arabidopsis immunophilin, AtFKBP12, binds to AtFIP37 (FKBP interacting protein) in an interaction that is disrupted by FK506.
Mechanism and inhibition of the FabV enoyl-ACP reductase from Burkholderia mallei.
More potent transcriptional activators or a transdominant inhibitor of the HNF1 homeoprotein family are generated by alternative RNA processing.
Purification and primary structure of a novel mannose-specific lectin from Centrolobium microchaete Mart seeds.
A novel conotoxin from Conus betulinus, kappa-BtX, unique in cysteine pattern and in function as a specific BK channel modulator.
Reduction of nitrate in Shewanella oneidensis depends on atypical NAP and NRF systems with NapB as a preferred electron transport protein from CymA to NapA.
De novo sequencing of peptides secreted by the skin glands of the Caucasian Green Frog Rana ridibunda.
Collection, mapping, and annotation of over 28,000 cDNA clones from japonica rice.
Drosophila doublesex gene controls somatic sexual differentiation by producing alternatively spliced mRNAs encoding related sex-specific polypeptides.
Immunoglobulin somatic hypermutation.
TIPs are tension-responsive proteins involved in myogenic versus adipogenic differentiation.
Jelleines: a family of antimicrobial peptides from the Royal Jelly of honeybees (Apis mellifera).
Complete characterization of the 3' region of the human and mouse hereditary hemochromatosis HFE gene and detection of novel splicing forms.
Identification of mammalian GFRalpha-2 splice isoforms.
Epidermis-type lipoxygenase 3 regulates adipocyte differentiation and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma activity.
Mouse serum growth hormone (GH) binding protein has GH receptor extracellular and substituted transmembrane domains.
A novel gene encoding a putative transmembrane protein with two extracellular CUB domains and a low-density lipoprotein class A module: isolation of alternatively spliced isoforms in retina and brain.
Identification and molecular characterization of three new K+-channel specific toxins from the Chinese scorpion Mesobuthus martensii Karsch revealing intronic number polymorphism and alternative splicing in duplicated genes.
A new A4 amyloid mRNA contains a domain homologous to serine proteinase inhibitors.
Reduction of arsenate to arsenite by the ArsC protein of the arsenic resistance operon of Staphylococcus aureus plasmid pI258.
Expression, purification, crystallization, and preliminary X-ray analysis of the N-terminal domain of Escherichia coli adenylyl transferase.
Human MRP3 transporter: identification of the 5'-flanking region, genomic organization and alternative splice variants.
SND1, a NAC domain transcription factor, is a key regulator of secondary wall synthesis in fibers of Arabidopsis.
FRL, a novel formin-related protein, binds to Rac and regulates cell motility and survival of macrophages.
A sigma E dependent operon subject to catabolite repression during sporulation in Bacillus subtilis.
An integrated, functionally annotated gene map of the DXS8026-ELK1 interval on human Xp11.3-Xp11.23: potential hotspot for neurogenetic disorders.
Bioinformatic and expression analysis of the putative gliotoxin biosynthetic gene cluster of Aspergillus fumigatus.
Characterization of the human homologue of the yeast spc98p and its association with gamma-tubulin.
The novel human DNA helicase hFBH1 is an F-box protein.
Cloning, characterization and expression of two alternatively splicing isoforms of Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase I gamma in the rat brain.
cDNA cloning and developmental expression of fibroblast growth factor receptors from Xenopus laevis.
Isolation and characterization of a hyaluronidase from the venom of Chinese red scorpion Buthus martensi.
Two forms of acetylcholine receptor gamma subunit in mouse muscle.
TUC-4b, a novel TUC family variant, regulates neurite outgrowth and associates with vesicles in the growth cone.
A relationship between protein stability and protein function.
Plant NBR1 is a selective autophagy substrate and a functional hybrid of the mammalian autophagic adapters NBR1 and p62/SQSTM1.
The phosducin-like protein PhLP1 is essential for G{beta}{gamma} dimer formation in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Murine interferon lambdas (type III interferons) exhibit potent antiviral activity in vivo in a poxvirus infection model.
The human DENN gene: genomic organization, alternative splicing, and localization to chromosome 11p11.21-p11.22.
Regulation of KChIP2 potassium channel beta subunit gene expression underlies the gradient of transient outward current in canine and human ventricle.
Purification and characterisation of proteins with cardiac stimulatory and haemolytic activity from the anemone Actinia tenebrosa.
Two estrogen receptor (ER) isoforms with different estrogen dependencies are generated from the trout ER gene.
Vm24, a natural immunosuppressive peptide, potently and selectively blocks Kv1.3 potassium channels of human T cells.
Identification of the human ERK gene as a putative receptor tyrosine kinase and its chromosomal localization to 1p36.1: a comparative mapping of human, mouse, and rat chromosomes.
Novel dermaseptin, adenoregulin and caerin homologs from the Central American red-eyed leaf frog, Agalychnis callidryas, revealed by functional peptidomics of defensive skin secretion.
Crystal structure and mechanism of a bacterial fluorinating enzyme.
Patt1, a novel protein acetyltransferase that is highly expressed in liver and downregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma, enhances apoptosis of hepatoma cells.
Complete nucleotide sequence of human NRAMP2 cDNA.
Chemical diversity of labdane-type bicyclic diterpene biosynthesis in Actinomycetales microorganisms.
Purification and characterization of an activator protein for methanol dehydrogenase from thermotolerant Bacillus spp.
Electron microscopic analysis and biochemical characterization of a novel methanol dehydrogenase from the thermotolerant Bacillus sp. C1.
Sequence of a cDNA encoding the beta 4 subunit of murine integrin.
Structure and expression of the human MTG8/ETO gene.
Completed sequence of aflatoxin pathway gene cluster in Aspergillus parasiticus.
A Ferredoxin- and F420H2-Dependent, Electron-Bifurcating, Heterodisulfide Reductase with Homologs in the Domains Bacteria and Archaea.
Ten members of the Arabidopsis gene family encoding methyl-CpG-binding domain proteins are transcriptionally active and at least one, AtMBD11, is crucial for normal development.
Oncogene expression cloning by retroviral transduction of adenovirus E1A-immortalized rat kidney RK3E cells: transformation of a host with epithelial features by c-MYC and the zinc finger protein GKLF.
A low-Km, rolipram-sensitive, cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase from human brain. Cloning and expression of cDNA, biochemical characterization of recombinant protein, and tissue distribution of mRNA.
Structural studies of the Cpx pathway activator NlpE on the outer membrane of Escherichia coli.
Characterization of MRNP34, a novel methionine-rich nacre protein from the pearl oysters.
Messenger RNAs for kinesins and dynein are located in neural processes.
Human testis/sperm-specific histone H2B (hTSH2B). Molecular cloning and characterization.
cDNA cloning and expression of a human FGF receptor which binds acidic and basic FGF.
VeA and MvlA repression of the cryptic orsellinic acid gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans involves histone 3 acetylation.
Identification of protein-tyrosine kinase genes preferentially expressed in embryo stomach and gastric cancer.
Structural basis for receptor recognition and pore formation of a zebrafish aerolysin-like protein.
Analysis of the HD-GYP domain cyclic dimeric GMP phosphodiesterase reveals a role in motility and the enzootic life cycle of Borrelia burgdorferi.
A secreted form of human ADAM9 has an alpha-secretase activity for APP.
Subcellular localization and protein interaction of the human LIMK2 gene expressing alternative transcripts with tissue-specific regulation.
Sequence and analysis of chromosome 3 of the plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cloning of a sugar utilization gene cluster in Aspergillus parasiticus.
The developmental role of warthog, the notch modifier encoding Drab6.
Using genomic resources to guide research directions. The arabinogalactan protein gene family as a test case.
Aspergillus fumigatus AcuM regulates both iron acquisition and gluconeogenesis.
Molecular cloning and analysis of the ergopeptine assembly system in the ergot fungus Claviceps purpurea.
Nomenclature for two-component signaling elements of rice.
Primary structure, behavioral and electroencephalographic effects of an epileptogenic peptide from the sea anemone Bunodosoma cangicum.
Human NAT10 is an ATP-dependent RNA acetyltransferase responsible for N4-acetylcytidine formation in 18 S ribosomal RNA (rRNA).
Distal antenna and distal antenna related encode nuclear proteins containing pipsqueak motifs involved in antenna development in Drosophila.
Isolation of a new melanoma antigen, MART-2, containing a mutated epitope recognized by autologous tumor-infiltrating T lymphocytes.
Characterization of a novel proapoptotic caspase-2- and caspase-9-binding protein.
cDNA cloning and expression of bovine aspartyl (asparaginyl) beta-hydroxylase.
Cloning, tissue expression, and chromosomal assignment of human MRJ gene for a member of the DNAJ protein family.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two mouse peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha)-regulated peroxisomal acyl-CoA thioesterases.
NIP1/XB51/NECAB3 is a potential substrate of Nek2, suggesting specific roles of Nek2 in Golgi.
Binding of cations in Bacillus subtilis phosphoribosyldiphosphate synthetase and their role in catalysis.
An ice-binding and tandem beta-sandwich domain-containing protein in Shewanella frigidimarina is a potential new type of ice adhesin.
Cloning and sequencing of human Eppin: a novel family of protease inhibitors expressed in the epididymis and testis.
Enzymes of hydrogen metabolism in Pyrococcus furiosus.
Foxp4: a novel member of the Foxp subfamily of winged-helix genes co-expressed with Foxp1 and Foxp2 in pulmonary and gut tissues.
Oncogene ect2 is related to regulators of small GTP-binding proteins.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. VI. The coding sequences of 80 new genes (KIAA0201-KIAA0280) deduced by analysis of cDNA clones from cell line KG-1 and brain.
Bypassing Negative Epistasis on Yield in Tomato Imposed by a Domestication Gene.
A non-modular endo-beta-1,4-mannanase from Pseudomonas fluorescens subspecies cellulosa.
Proteomic identification of novel proteins from the calcifying shell matrix of the Manila clam Venerupis philippinarum.
GLH-1, the C. elegans P granule protein, is controlled by the JNK KGB-1 and by the COP9 subunit CSN-5.
The siderophore biosynthetic gene SID1, but not the ferroxidase gene FET3, is required for full Fusarium graminearum virulence.
A mouse Y chromosome gene encoded by a region essential for spermatogenesis and expression of male-specific minor histocompatibility antigens.
Highly conserved 3' UTR and expression pattern of FXR1 points to a divergent gene regulation of FXR1 and FMR1.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human WINS1 and mouse Wins2, homologous to Drosophila segment polarity gene Lines (Lin).
Identification and characterization of the human MOG1 gene.
Fish glucocorticoid receptor with splicing variants in the DNA binding domain.
Odd-skipped genes encode repressors that control kidney development.
Novel member of the zinc finger superfamily: A C2-HC finger that recognizes a glia-specific gene.
Genomic structure and cloned cDNAs predict that four variants in the kinase domain of serine/threonine kinase receptors arise by alternative splicing and poly(A) addition.
Dissection of the structural organization of the aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase complex.
Functional analysis of HD2 histone deacetylase homologues in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Isolation of a long-lasting eag-related gene-type K+ current in MMQ lactotrophs and its accommodating role during slow firing and prolactin release.
Metabolism of methanesulfonic acid involves a multicomponent monooxygenase enzyme.
Positional cloning of the APECED gene.
Posttranslational regulation of Ca(2+)-activated K+ currents by a target-derived factor in developing parasympathetic neurons.
Molecular cloning, genomic structure, and expression analysis of MUC20, a novel mucin protein, up-regulated in injured kidney.
Megakaryoblastic leukemia-1/2, a transcriptional co-activator of serum response factor, is required for skeletal myogenic differentiation.
An imprinted gene underlies postzygotic reproductive isolation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Exome sequencing and analysis of induced pluripotent stem cells identify the cilia-related gene male germ cell-associated kinase (MAK) as a cause of retinitis pigmentosa.
Genomic organization of the interleukin-1 locus.
Phenotypic analysis of deflated/Ints7 function in Drosophila development.
Molecular cloning and characterization of SPAP1, an inhibitory receptor.
The 1.8-A resolution crystal structure of YDR533Cp from Saccharomyces cerevisiae: a member of the DJ-1/ThiJ/PfpI superfamily.
Identification by differential display of annexin-VI, a gene differentially expressed during melanoma progression.
MET1 is a thylakoid-associated TPR protein involved in photosystem II supercomplex formation and repair in Arabidopsis.
The rice resistance protein pair RGA4/RGA5 recognizes the Magnaporthe oryzae effectors AVR-Pia and AVR1-CO39 by direct binding.
Role of the 18:1 lysophosphatidic acid-ovarian cancer immunoreactive antigen domain containing 1 (OCIAD1)-integrin axis in generating late-stage ovarian cancer.
The amyloid beta protein precursor or proteinase nexin II from mouse is closer related to its human homolog than previously reported.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human podocalyxin-like protein. Orthologous relationship to rabbit PCLP1 and rat podocalyxin.
Analysis of the primary sequence and microtubule-binding region of the Drosophila 205K MAP.
Mouse MTH2 protein which prevents mutations caused by 8-oxoguanine nucleotides.
Receptor for the pain modulatory neuropeptides FF and AF is an orphan G protein-coupled receptor.
Generation of signaling specificity in Arabidopsis by spatially restricted buffering of ligand-receptor interactions.
Structural Basis of Catalysis in the Bacterial Monoterpene Synthases Linalool Synthase and 1,8-Cineole Synthase.
Chromosome arm location of the genes for the biosynthesis of hordatines in barley.
Aluminum-activated citrate and malate transporters from the MATE and ALMT families function independently to confer Arabidopsis aluminum tolerance.
Molecular genetic characterization of terreic acid pathway in Aspergillus terreus.
Characterization of the <i>Candida albicans</i> Amino Acid Permease Family: Gap2 Is the Only General Amino Acid Permease and Gap4 Is an <i>S</i>-Adenosylmethionine (SAM) Transporter Required for SAM-Induced Morphogenesis.
Selected reaction monitoring to determine protein abundance in Arabidopsis using the Arabidopsis proteotypic predictor.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase-6-phosphogluconolactonase: a unique bifunctional enzyme from Plasmodium falciparum.
Principal expression of two mRNA isoforms (ABCB 5alpha and ABCB 5beta ) of the ATP-binding cassette transporter gene ABCB 5 in melanoma cells and melanocytes.
The genomic structure and developmental expression patterns of the human OPA-containing gene (HOPA).
Tityus serrulatus scorpion venom and toxins: an overview.
Multiple interactions between maternally-activated signalling pathways control Xenopus nodal-related genes.
The two endo-β-N-acetylglucosaminidase genes from Arabidopsis thaliana encode cytoplasmic enzymes controlling free N-glycan levels.
Protein-O-glycosylation in yeast: protein-specific mannosyltransferases.
The Sclerotinia sclerotiorum agglutinin represents a novel family of fungal lectins remotely related to the Clostridium botulinum non-toxin haemagglutinin HA33/A.
The Enterococcus faecalis extracellular metalloendopeptidase (EC 3.4.24.30; coccolysin) inactivates human endothelin at bonds involving hydrophobic amino acid residues.
The bZip transcription factor Cgap1p is involved in multidrug resistance and required for activation of multidrug transporter gene CgFLR1 in Candida glabrata.
Divergent M- and O-superfamily peptides from venom of fish-hunting Conus parius.
A common motif in proparts of Cnidarian toxins and nematocyst collagens and its putative role.
Multiplicity of the amino acid permeases in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. IV. Evidence for a general amino acid permease.
A novel methyltransferase (Hmt1p) modifies poly(A)+-RNA-binding proteins.
Structure of the NGFI-A gene and detection of upstream sequences responsible for its transcriptional induction by nerve growth factor.
A ferroxidation/permeation iron uptake system is required for virulence in Ustilago maydis.
Isolation and analysis of candidate myeloid tumor suppressor genes from a commonly deleted segment of 7q22.
Complementary DNA cloning and characterization of ferredoxin localized in bundle-sheath cells of maize leaves.
Ornithine cyclodeaminase from Ti plasmid C58: DNA sequence, enzyme properties and regulation of activity by arginine.
Molecular cloning of apobec-1 complementation factor, a novel RNA-binding protein involved in the editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA.
Subgroup IV of human immunoglobulin K light chains is encoded by a single germline gene.
Characterization of a cluster of human high/ultrahigh sulfur keratin-associated protein genes embedded in the type I keratin gene domain on chromosome 17q12-21.
Human immunoglobulin kappa light chain genes of subgroups II and III.
Mahogunin ring finger-1 (MGRN1) E3 ubiquitin ligase inhibits signaling from melanocortin receptor by competition with Galphas.
Purification and characterization of a cardioexcitatory neuropeptide from the central ganglia of a bivalve mollusc.
Vasopressin/oxytocin-related signaling regulates gustatory associative learning in C. elegans.
Oxytocin/vasopressin-related peptides have an ancient role in reproductive behavior.
cDNA cloning of a germ cell specific lamin B3 from mouse spermatocytes and analysis of its function by ectopic expression in somatic cells.
Characterization of an N-acetylmuramic acid/N-acetylglucosamine kinase of Clostridium acetobutylicum.
MINDY-1 Is a Member of an Evolutionarily Conserved and Structurally Distinct New Family of Deubiquitinating Enzymes.
Hormone-sensitive lipase: sequence, expression, and chromosomal localization to 19 cent-q13.3.
Characterization of a thermophilic DNA ligase from the archaeon Thermococcus fumicolans.
Properties of type II inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
Functions of the Arabidopsis kinesin superfamily of microtubule-based motor proteins.
Identification and functional and spectral characterization of a globin-coupled histidine kinase from Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5.
Widespread expression of human cysteine string proteins.
MBA1 encodes a mitochondrial membrane-associated protein required for biogenesis of the respiratory chain.
Cloning, sequence analysis, and expression of the large subunit of the human lymphocyte activation antigen 4F2.
Neural expression of a novel alternatively spliced and polyadenylated Gs alpha transcript.
Identification of a hotdog fold thioesterase involved in the biosynthesis of menaquinone in Escherichia coli.
Isolation and characterization of a calendic acid producing (8,11)-linoleoyl desaturase.
Regulation of a Drosophila melanogaster cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase by prenylation and interaction with a prenyl-binding protein.
Characterization of the rat alpha(1,3)galactosyltransferase: evidence for two independent genes encoding glycosyltransferases that synthesize Galalpha(1,3)Gal by two separate glycosylation pathways.
Multi-tier regulation of the streptomycete morphogenetic peptide SapB.
MAJIN Links Telomeric DNA to the Nuclear Membrane by Exchanging Telomere Cap.
The Caenorhabditis elegans small GTP-binding protein RhoA is enriched in the nerve ring and sensory neurons during larval development.
Adenylyl Cyclase 5 Regulation by Gβγ Involves Isoform-Specific Use of Multiple Interaction Sites.
Expression of the zebrafish paired box gene pax[zf-b] during early neurogenesis.
XGRIP2.1 is encoded by a vegetally localizing, maternal mRNA and functions in germ cell development and anteroposterior PGC positioning in Xenopus laevis.
Asymmetric protein localization in planar cell polarity: mechanisms, puzzles, and challenges.
Nucleotide sequence of cDNA containing the complete coding sequence for human lysosomal glucocerebrosidase.
An instructive role for C. elegans E-cadherin in translating cell contact cues into cortical polarity.
A sleep-inducing peptide from the venom of the Indian cone snail Conus araneosus.
Molecular cloning and expression of mouse mg(2+)-dependent protein phosphatase beta-4 (type 2C beta-4).
Neuromuscular effects of some potassium channel blocking toxins from the venom of the scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus hebreus.
IcmF is a fusion between the radical B12 enzyme isobutyryl-CoA mutase and its G-protein chaperone.
Purification and properties of glutamine synthetases from the cyanobacteria Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 and Calothrix sp. strain PCC 7601.
Peptide inhibitor of cytokinesis during sporulation in Bacillus subtilis.
Complete cDNA sequence, genomic structure, and chromosomal localization of the LPA receptor gene, lpA1/vzg-1/Gpcr26.
FMRFamide-related gene family in the nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans.
Peptidomic analysis of the extensive array of host-defense peptides in skin secretions of the dodecaploid frog Xenopus ruwenzoriensis (Pipidae).
Cloning of a novel murine isoform of the glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor receptor.
Comparative transcription map of the wobbler critical region on mouse chromosome 11 and the homologous region on human chromosome 2p13-14.
The AcbC protein from Actinoplanes species is a C7-cyclitol synthase related to 3-dehydroquinate synthases and is involved in the biosynthesis of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose.
Retroviral intasomes arising.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of a distinct type of fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase from Pyrococcus furiosus.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XI. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Implementation of meiosis prophase I programme requires a conserved retinoid-independent stabilizer of meiotic transcripts.
Synthesis and uptake of the compatible solutes ectoine and 5-hydroxyectoine by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) in response to salt and heat stresses.
Human L-type amino acid transporter 1 (LAT1): characterization of function and expression in tumor cell lines.
Characterization of an unusual bipolar helicase encoded by bacteriophage T5.
The three-dimensional solution structure of mini-M conotoxin BtIIIA reveals a disconnection between disulfide connectivity and peptide fold.
The kinase DYRK1A phosphorylates the transcription factor FKHR at Ser329 in vitro, a novel in vivo phosphorylation site.
A sulfurtransferase is essential for activity of formate dehydrogenases in Escherichia coli.
Molecular cloning and nucleotide sequence of human glucocerebrosidase cDNA.
Structural features, IgE binding and preliminary clinical findings of the 7kDa Lipid Transfer Protein from tomato seeds.
Structures of complexes of octahaem cytochrome c nitrite reductase from Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens with sulfite and cyanide.
Association of an X-chromosome dodecamer insertional variant allele with mental retardation.
Identification and characterization of a new latent transforming growth factor-beta-binding protein, LTBP-4.
The Arabidopsis KIN17 and its homolog KLP mediate different aspects of plant growth and development.
A novel metal-activated pyridoxal enzyme with a unique primary structure, low specificity D-threonine aldolase from Arthrobacter sp. Strain DK-38. Molecular cloning and cofactor characterization.
The Mo-Se active site of nicotinate dehydrogenase.
Cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases in Drosophila melanogaster.
Interferons type II and their receptors R1 and R2 in fish species: Evolution, structure, and function.
Identification of a novel tissue-specific transcriptional activator FESTA as a protein that interacts with the transcription elongation factor S-II.
Cell cycle regulation by galectin-12, a new member of the galectin superfamily.
Scribble is essential for olfactory behavior in Drosophila melanogaster.
Guanosine 5'-monophosphate reductase from Leishmania donovani. A possible chemotherapeutic target.
Suppressors of the Chloroplast Protein Import Mutant <i>tic40</i> Reveal a Genetic Link between Protein Import and Thylakoid Biogenesis.
Motor protein KIFC5A interacts with Nubp1 and Nubp2, and is implicated in the regulation of centrosome duplication.
Cutting edge: CIAS1/cryopyrin/PYPAF1/NALP3/CATERPILLER 1.1 is an inducible inflammatory mediator with NF-kappa B suppressive properties.
A Bpag1 isoform involved in cytoskeletal organization surrounding the nucleus.
Heteromeric NMDA receptors: molecular and functional distinction of subtypes.
Sequence of glutamine synthetase from Salmonella typhimurium and implications for the protein structure.
Identification and characterization of plant glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase.
Essential role of gastric gland mucin in preventing gastric cancer in mice.
The DNA sequence and biological annotation of human chromosome 1.
The structure and function of yeast xylose (aldose) reductases.
GlgS, described previously as a glycogen synthesis control protein, negatively regulates motility and biofilm formation in Escherichia coli.
Comprehensive isolation of meiosis-specific genes identifies novel proteins and unusual non-coding transcripts in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Electron acceptor specificity of ferredoxin (flavodoxin):NADP+ oxidoreductase from Escherichia coli.
Identification and differential regional expression of KOR-3/ORL-1 gene splice variants in mouse brain.
The lin-41 RBCC gene acts in the C. elegans heterochronic pathway between the let-7 regulatory RNA and the LIN-29 transcription factor.
Immunological and molecular characterization of Go alpha-like proteins in the Drosophila central nervous system.
The Drosophila Go alpha-like G protein gene produces multiple transcripts and is expressed in the nervous system and in ovaries.
Molecular characterization of Drosophila gene encoding G0 alpha subunit homolog.
Holliday junction resolvases mediate chloroplast nucleoid segregation.
Isolation and characterization of a human dual specificity protein-tyrosine phosphatase gene.
MalT, the regulatory protein of the Escherichia coli maltose system, is an ATP-dependent transcriptional activator.
New sodium channel-blocking conotoxins also affect calcium currents in Lymnaea neurons.
Fibulin is an extracellular matrix and plasma glycoprotein with repeated domain structure.
Molecular cloning, functional expression, and pharmacological characterization of a novel serotonin receptor (5-hydroxytryptamine2F) from rat stomach fundus.
The number of repeat sequences in microtubule-associated protein 4 affects the microtubule surface properties.
moody encodes two GPCRs that regulate cocaine behaviors and blood-brain barrier permeability in Drosophila.
Identification of human plasma lysophospholipase D, a lysophosphatidic acid-producing enzyme, as autotaxin, a multifunctional phosphodiesterase.
Molecular cloning of a member of a third class of Shaker-family K+ channel genes in mammals.
A minus-end-directed kinesin with plus-end tracking protein activity is involved in spindle morphogenesis.
Pragmin, a novel effector of Rnd2 GTPase, stimulates RhoA activity.
Regulatory region of the metA gene of Escherichia coli K-12.
Molecular characterization of the murine argininosuccinate synthetase locus.
An unusual fold for potassium channel blockers: NMR structure of three toxins from the scorpion Opisthacanthus madagascariensis.
A Ca(2+)-activated NADPH oxidase in testis, spleen, and lymph nodes.
Identification and characterization of a new member of the placental prolactin-like protein-C (PLP-C) subfamily, PLP-Cbeta.
Characterization of an acid inducible lipase Rv3203 from Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv.
Cloning and functional expression of UGT genes encoding sterol glucosyltransferases from Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Candida albicans, Pichia pastoris, and Dictyostelium discoideum.
Large-scale discovery of conopeptides and conoproteins in the injectable venom of a fish-hunting cone snail using a combined proteomic and transcriptomic approach.
Molecular cloning, purification, and biochemical characterization of hydantoin racemase from the legume symbiont Sinorhizobium meliloti CECT 4114.
Molecular genetic characterization of the L-lactate dehydrogenase gene (ldhL) of Lactobacillus helveticus and biochemical characterization of the enzyme.
Characterization of osteocalcin (BGP) and matrix Gla protein (MGP) fish specific antibodies: validation for immunodetection studies in lower vertebrates.
A novel core protein as well as polymorphic epithelial mucin carry peanut agglutinin binding sites in human gastric carcinoma cells: sequence analysis and examination of gene expression.
Cloning and sequencing the urocanase gene (hutU) from Pseudomonas putida.
Arabidopsis INOSITOL TRANSPORTER2 mediates H+ symport of different inositol epimers and derivatives across the plasma membrane.
Multiple ABC transporters are involved in the acquisition of petrobactin in Bacillus anthracis.
The kinesin-like protein KLP61F is essential for mitosis in Drosophila.
Genomic survey, expression profile and co-expression network analysis of OsWD40 family in rice.
Gtsf1/Cue110, a gene encoding a protein with two copies of a CHHC Zn-finger motif, is involved in spermatogenesis and retrotransposon suppression in murine testes.
The glnA gene of the extremely thermophilic eubacterium Thermotoga maritima: cloning, primary structure, and expression in Escherichia coli.
Purification and biochemical properties of an N-hydroxyarylamine O-acetyltransferase from Escherichia coli.
Purification, molecular cloning and functional characterization of HelaTx1 (Heterometrus laoticus): the first member of a new κ-KTX subfamily.
Isolation and characterization of mammalian homologues of Caenorhabditis elegans lin-7: localization at cell-cell junctions.
Expression cDNA cloning of the KGF receptor by creation of a transforming autocrine loop.
Prominin, a novel microvilli-specific polytopic membrane protein of the apical surface of epithelial cells, is targeted to plasmalemmal protrusions of non-epithelial cells.
Isolation of HELAD1, a novel human helicase gene up-regulated in colorectal carcinomas.
Histone deacetylase and Cullin3-REN(KCTD11) ubiquitin ligase interplay regulates Hedgehog signalling through Gli acetylation.
Isolation and characterization of PDE10A, a novel human 3', 5'-cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase.
Undetectable levels of N6-methyl adenine in mouse DNA: Cloning and analysis of PRED28, a gene coding for a putative mammalian DNA adenine methyltransferase.
ATF-a0, a novel variant of the ATF/CREB transcription factor family, forms a dominant transcription inhibitor in ATF-a heterodimers.
Cytosolic γ-glutamyl peptidases process glutathione conjugates in the biosynthesis of glucosinolates and camalexin in Arabidopsis.
A novel mode of RBD-protein recognition in the Y14-Mago complex.
Identification of the gene encoding the activator of (R)-2-hydroxyglutaryl-CoA dehydratase from Acidaminococcus fermentans by gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Altered xanthophyll compositions adversely affect chlorophyll accumulation and nonphotochemical quenching in Arabidopsis mutants.
The Raine syndrome protein FAM20C is a Golgi kinase that phosphorylates bio-mineralization proteins.
NFI-B3, a novel transcriptional repressor of the nuclear factor I family, is generated by alternative RNA processing.
PECTIN METHYLESTERASE INHIBITOR6 promotes Arabidopsis mucilage release by limiting methylesterification of homogalacturonan in seed coat epidermal cells.
Cloning and characterization of the expression pattern of a novel splice product MIA (splice) of malignant melanoma-derived growth-inhibiting activity (MIA/CD-RAP) [corrected].
Identification of a gene that reverses the immortal phenotype of a subset of cells and is a member of a novel family of transcription factor-like genes.
Molecular cloning and characterization of human estrogen receptor betacx: a potential inhibitor ofestrogen action in human.
Accommodation of GDP-linked sugars in the active site of GDP-perosamine synthase.
Sequence of a probable potassium channel component encoded at Shaker locus of Drosophila.
AtACDO1, an ABC1-like kinase gene, is involved in chlorophyll degradation and the response to photooxidative stress in Arabidopsis.
Obscurin, a giant sarcomeric Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor protein involved in sarcomere assembly.
A single-repeat R3-MYB transcription factor MYBC1 negatively regulates freezing tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Novel pathway for assimilation of dimethylsulphoniopropionate widespread in marine bacteria.
ESE-3, a novel member of an epithelium-specific ets transcription factor subfamily, demonstrates different target gene specificity from ESE-1.
Avian multiple inositol polyphosphate phosphatase is an active phytase that can be engineered to help ameliorate the planet's "phosphate crisis".
Overexpression of poly(A) binding protein prevents maturation-specific deadenylation and translational inactivation in Xenopus oocytes.
Characterization and structural modeling of a new type of thermostable esterase from Thermotoga maritima.
Peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2 from the fruitfly: dehydrogenase and hydratase act as separate entities, as revealed by structure and kinetics.
An additional homolog of the fission yeast cdc25+ gene occurs in humans and is highly expressed in some cancer cells.
hSef inhibits PC-12 cell differentiation by interfering with Ras-mitogen-activated protein kinase MAPK signaling.
Characterization of the hcnABC gene cluster encoding hydrogen cyanide synthase and anaerobic regulation by ANR in the strictly aerobic biocontrol agent Pseudomonas fluorescens CHA0.
Mre11 and Rad50 from Pyrococcus furiosus: cloning and biochemical characterization reveal an evolutionarily conserved multiprotein machine.
Geraniol dehydrogenase, the key enzyme in biosynthesis of the alarm pheromone, from the astigmatid mite Carpoglyphus lactis (Acari: Carpoglyphidae).
3-Hydroxypropionyl-coenzyme A synthetase from Metallosphaera sedula, an enzyme involved in autotrophic CO2 fixation.
Antibiotics. Targeting DnaN for tuberculosis therapy using novel griselimycins.
The Drosophila nitric-oxide synthase gene (dNOS) encodes a family of proteins that can modulate NOS activity by acting as dominant negative regulators.
Nischarin, a novel protein that interacts with the integrin alpha5 subunit and inhibits cell migration.
A land plant-specific thylakoid membrane protein contributes to photosystem II maintenance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mutation of rice BC12/GDD1, which encodes a kinesin-like protein that binds to a GA biosynthesis gene promoter, leads to dwarfism with impaired cell elongation.
Purification and characterization of moschins, arginine-glutamate-rich proteins with translation-inhibiting activity from brown pumpkin (Cucurbita moschata) seeds.
Leukocyte-associated Ig-like receptor-1 functions as an inhibitory receptor on cytotoxic T cells.
The novel gene fad158, having a transmembrane domain and leucine-rich repeat, stimulates adipocyte differentiation.
Expression, purification, and kinetic constants for human and Escherichia coli pyridoxal kinases.
Mapping of two genes encoding isoforms of the actin binding protein ABP-280, a dystrophin like protein, to Xq28 and to chromosome 7.
Analysis of the mouse transcriptome based on functional annotation of 60,770 full-length cDNAs.
Identification and characterization of a chromosomal virulence gene, vacJ, required for intercellular spreading of Shigella flexneri.
Deoxyhypusine Modification of Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 5A (eIF5A) Is Essential for Trypanosoma brucei Growth and for Expression of Polyprolyl-containing Proteins.
The dopamine D2 receptor: two molecular forms generated by alternative splicing.
Cloning and sequencing of porcine LH-hCG receptor cDNA: variants lacking transmembrane domain.
cDNA sequencing of nuclear lamins A and C reveals primary and secondary structural homology to intermediate filament proteins.
c-erbB3 gene encodes secreted as well as transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinase.
Activation of a silent fungal polyketide biosynthesis pathway through regulatory cross talk with a cryptic nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster.
OsJAZ9 acts as a transcriptional regulator in jasmonate signaling and modulates salt stress tolerance in rice.
Purification and characterization of three antifungal proteins from cheeseweed (Malva parviflora).
An acetylase with relaxed specificity catalyses protein N-terminal acetylation in Sulfolobus solfataricus.
AtFim1 is an actin filament crosslinking protein from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Post-transcriptional regulation of bacterial motility by aconitase proteins.
Identification of a new class of protein kinases represented by eukaryotic elongation factor-2 kinase.
A transcriptional inhibitor targeted by the atypical orphan nuclear receptor SHP.
Structures of two archaeal diphthine synthases: insights into the post-translational modification of elongation factor 2.
OsNF-YC2 and OsNF-YC4 proteins inhibit flowering under long-day conditions in rice.
Lipid utilization, gluconeogenesis, and seedling growth in Arabidopsis mutants lacking the glyoxylate cycle enzyme malate synthase.
NINJA connects the co-repressor TOPLESS to jasmonate signalling.
Tityus serrulatus Hypotensins: a new family of peptides from scorpion venom.
Two classes of proteins dependent on either the presence or absence of thyroid hormone for interaction with the thyroid hormone receptor.
Blocking peptidoglycan recycling in Pseudomonas aeruginosa attenuates intrinsic resistance to fosfomycin.
Expression, purification, and characterization of inosine 5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase from Borrelia burgdorferi.
Episialin, a carcinoma-associated mucin, is generated by a polymorphic gene encoding splice variants with alternative amino termini.
Formate dehydrogenase, an enzyme of anaerobic metabolism, is induced by iron deficiency in barley roots.
Autosomal dominant hypophosphataemic rickets is associated with mutations in FGF23.
P-domains as shuffled cysteine-rich modules in integumentary mucin C.1 (FIM-C.1) from Xenopus laevis. Polydispersity and genetic polymorphism.
Cloning and functional characterization of a new antimicrobial peptide gene StCT1 from the venom of the scorpion Scorpiops tibetanus.
Molecular cloning of membrane cofactor protein (MCP; CD46) on B95a cell, an Epstein-Barr virus-transformed marmoset B cell line: B95a-MCP is susceptible to infection by the CAM, but not the Nagahata strain of the measles virus.
Myomaker is a membrane activator of myoblast fusion and muscle formation.
Fibroblast growth factor 4 and its novel splice isoform have opposing effects on the maintenance of human embryonic stem cell self-renewal.
Protein O-glycosylation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae: the protein O-mannosyltransferases Pmt1p and Pmt2p function as heterodimer.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of a recombinant 72.5 kDa fragment of the 110 kDa regulatory subunit of smooth muscle protein phosphatase 1M.
Structural analysis of Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome 5. VI. Sequence features of the regions of 1,367,185 bp covered by 19 physically assigned P1 and TAC clones.
The primary structure and genomic organization of five novel transcripts located close to the Huntington's disease gene on human chromosome 4p16.3.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. X. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which can code for large proteins in vitro.
Isolation of complementary DNAs encoding a cerebellum-enriched nuclear factor I family that activates transcription from the mouse myelin basic protein promoter.
Mouse Odf2 cDNAs consist of evolutionary conserved as well as highly variable sequences and encode outer dense fiber proteins of the sperm tail.
Challenges in the Discovery of Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) Inhibitors.
Overexpression of a three-gene conidial pigment biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus nidulans reveals the first NRPS known to acetylate tryptophan.
A novel gene, MEL1, mapped to 1p36.3 is highly homologous to the MDS1/EVI1 gene and is transcriptionally activated in t(1;3)(p36;q21)-positive leukemia cells.
Identification of differentially expressed genes in uveal melanoma using suppressive subtractive hybridization.
The Caenorhabditis elegans AHR-1 transcription complex controls expression of soluble guanylate cyclase genes in the URX neurons and regulates aggregation behavior.
An alternative polyadenylation mechanism coopted to the Arabidopsis RPP7 gene through intronic retrotransposon domestication.
TIP30 deficiency increases susceptibility to tumorigenesis.
Identification of cleavage sites and substrate proteins for two mitochondrial intermediate peptidases in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Subcellular localization of rat Abca5, a rat ATP-binding-cassette transporter expressed in Leydig cells, and characterization of its splice variant apparently encoding a half-transporter.
The late-annotated small ORF LSO1 is a target gene of the iron regulon of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Characterization of plant proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and flap endonuclease-1 (FEN-1), and their distribution in mitotic and meiotic cell cycles.
The left-right determinant inversin has highly conserved ankyrin repeat and IQ domains and interacts with calmodulin.
PIRIN2 stabilizes cysteine protease XCP2 and increases susceptibility to the vascular pathogen Ralstonia solanacearum in Arabidopsis.
Cloning and characterization of HuR, a ubiquitously expressed Elav-like protein.
Involvement of CarA/LitR and CRP/FNR family transcriptional regulators in light-induced carotenoid production in Thermus thermophilus.
Molecular cloning and characterization of gravity specific cDNA in rice (Oryza sativa L.) suspension callus.
A novel short neurotoxin, cobrotoxin c, from monocellate cobra (Naja kaouthia) venom: isolation and purification, primary and secondary structure determination, and tertiary structure modeling.
Cloning and expression of human NF-YC.
2,4-Dinitrotoluene dioxygenase from Burkholderia sp. strain DNT: similarity to naphthalene dioxygenase.
Structural basis for the divergence of substrate specificity and biological function within HAD phosphatases in lipopolysaccharide and sialic acid biosynthesis.
Purification and cloning of a novel antimicrobial peptide from salivary glands of the hard tick, Ixodes sinensis.
Characterization of the novel human serotonin receptor subunits 5-HT3C,5-HT3D, and 5-HT3E.
The Drosophila easily shocked gene: a mutation in a phospholipid synthetic pathway causes seizure, neuronal failure, and paralysis.
Peflin, a novel member of the five-EF-hand-protein family, is similar to the apoptosis-linked gene 2 (ALG-2) protein but possesses nonapeptide repeats in the N-terminal hydrophobic region.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XXII. The complete sequences of 50 new cDNA clones which code for large proteins.
Molecular analysis of a bifunctional fatty acid conjugase/desaturase from tung. Implications for the evolution of plant fatty acid diversity.
Identification and structural characterization of a cDNA clone encoding a membrane-bound form of the polypeptide pheromone Er-1 in the ciliate protozoan Euplotes raikovi.
Ankyrin protein kinases: a novel type of plant kinase gene whose expression is induced by osmotic stress in alfalfa.
Tyrosine glycosylation of Rho by Yersinia toxin impairs blastomere cell behaviour in zebrafish embryos.
Rapid identification of precursor cDNAs encoding five structural classes of antimicrobial peptides from pickerel frog (Rana palustris) skin secretion by single step "shotgun" cloning.
ErbB4 expression in neural progenitor cells (ST14A) is necessary to mediate neuregulin-1beta1-induced migration.
Isolation of full-length cDNA of mouse PAX4 gene and identification of its human homologue.
Isolation and molecular cloning of novel peptide toxins from the sea anemone Antheopsis maculata.
Characterization of pregnancy-associated glycoproteins extracted from zebu (Bos indicus) placentas removed at different gestational periods.
Cloning, functional expression and brain localization of a novel unconventional outward rectifier K+ channel.
Structural and biological characterization of three novel mastoparan peptides from the venom of the neotropical social wasp Protopolybia exigua (Saussure).
The Hypocrea jecorina (syn. Trichoderma reesei) lxr1 gene encodes a D-mannitol dehydrogenase and is not involved in L-arabinose catabolism.
Translation of 5' leaders is pervasive in genes resistant to eIF2 repression.
The emergence of protocadherin-PC expression during the acquisition of apoptosis-resistance by prostate cancer cells.
Calcium-activated potassium channel expression in human myometrium: effect of pregnancy.
Functional divergence of the duplicated AtKIN14a and AtKIN14b genes: critical roles in Arabidopsis meiosis and gametophyte development.
Higher plant Ca(2+)-ATPase: primary structure and regulation of mRNA abundance by salt.
PARP-3 localizes preferentially to the daughter centriole and interferes with the G1/S cell cycle progression.
Cell adhesion in Arabidopsis thaliana is mediated by ECTOPICALLY PARTING CELLS 1--a glycosyltransferase (GT64) related to the animal exostosins.
Cloning of the gp49B gene of the immunoglobulin superfamily and demonstration that one of its two products is an early-expressed mast cell surface protein originally described as gp49.
The age-dependent proliferation of rat aortic smooth muscle cells is independent of differential splicing of PDGF A-chain mRNA.
Purification and characterization of a substrate protein for mitochondrial ATP-dependent protease in bovine adrenal cortex.
Drug-resistant Drosophila indicate glutamate-gated chloride channels are targets for the antiparasitics nodulisporic acid and ivermectin.
Characterization of the carbohydrate binding specificity of the leukoagglutinating lectin from Maackia amurensis. Comparison with other sialic acid-specific lectins.
The first crystal structure of an archaeal metallo-beta-lactamase superfamily protein; ST1585 from Sulfolobus tokodaii.
A pathogenic picornavirus acquires an envelope by hijacking cellular membranes.
A proteomic approach for studying insect phylogeny: CAPA peptides of ancient insect taxa (Dictyoptera, Blattoptera) as a test case.
Identification and characterization of the Arabidopsis orthologs of nuclear transport factor 2, the nuclear import factor of ran.
Sequence of MET protooncogene cDNA has features characteristic of the tyrosine kinase family of growth-factor receptors.
Human Naa50p (Nat5/San) displays both protein N alpha- and N epsilon-acetyltransferase activity.
Human KLRF1, a novel member of the killer cell lectin-like receptor gene family: molecular characterization, genomic structure, physical mapping to the NK gene complex and expression analysis.
The Homothorax homeoprotein activates the nuclear localization of another homeoprotein, extradenticle, and suppresses eye development in Drosophila.
Structure of the 5' region of the human hexokinase type I (HKI) gene and identification of an additional testis-specific HKI mRNA.
The presence of multiple rat DSP-PP transcripts.
Distinct penicillin binding proteins involved in the division, elongation, and shape of Escherichia coli K12.
Evolutionary conservation pattern of zinc-finger domains of Drosophila segmentation genes.
The SINA E3 ligase OsDIS1 negatively regulates drought response in rice.
The multifunctional folic acid synthesis fas gene of Pneumocystis carinii encodes dihydroneopterin aldolase, hydroxymethyldihydropterin pyrophosphokinase and dihydropteroate synthase.
Characterization of nucleotide pyrophosphatase-5 as an oligomannosidic glycoprotein in rat brain.
Role of D-aminoacyl-tRNA deacylase beyond chiral proofreading as a cellular defense against glycine mischarging by AlaRS.
Orange germin-like glycoprotein Cit s 1: an equivocal allergen.
A distinct nuclear import pathway used by ribosomal proteins.
Venom of the Coral Snake Micrurus clarki: Proteomic Profile, Toxicity, Immunological Cross-Neutralization, and Characterization of a Three-Finger Toxin.
The gene for an exopolyphosphatase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Conservation of components of the dystrophin complex in Drosophila.
Nucleotide sequence of a cluster of Escherichia coli enterobactin biosynthesis genes: identification of entA and purification of its product 2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoate dehydrogenase.
Interacting quantitative trait loci control loss of peripheral tolerance and susceptibility to autoimmune ovarian dysgenesis after day 3 thymectomy in mice.
Role of the tetrahemic subunit in Desulfovibrio vulgaris hildenborough formate dehydrogenase.
DNA binding and pairing activity of OsDmc1, a recombinase from rice.
Improving thermal hysteresis activity of antifreeze protein from recombinant Pichia pastoris by removal of N-glycosylation.
Emergence of plasmid-mediated colistin resistance mechanism MCR-1 in animals and human beings in China: a microbiological and molecular biological study.
Molecular cloning of platelet factor XI, an alternative splicing product of the plasma factor XI gene.
Molecular cloning of a novel potassium-dependent sodium-calcium exchanger from rat brain.
Identification and characterization of a novel inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase.
Mitoregulin: A lncRNA-Encoded Microprotein that Supports Mitochondrial Supercomplexes and Respiratory Efficiency.
Nadrin, a novel neuron-specific GTPase-activating protein involved in regulated exocytosis.
A UPF0118 family protein with uncharacterized function from the moderate halophile Halobacillus andaensis represents a novel class of Na<sup>+</sup>(Li<sup>+</sup>)/H<sup>+</sup> antiporter.
The protein interaction network of the human transcription machinery reveals a role for the conserved GTPase RPAP4/GPN1 and microtubule assembly in nuclear import and biogenesis of RNA polymerase II.
Cloning and regulation of the rat mdr2 gene.
Uncoupling of initiation factor eIF5B/IF2 GTPase and translational activities by mutations that lower ribosome affinity.
A member of the heavy metal P-type ATPase OsHMA5 is involved in xylem loading of copper in rice.
Comparison of functional properties of two fungal antifreeze proteins from Antarctomyces psychrotrophicus and Typhula ishikariensis.
Comparison of the primary structures, cytotoxicities, and affinities to phospholipids of five kinds of cytotoxins from the venom of Indian cobra, Naja naja.
Structure of lactococcal phage p2 baseplate and its mechanism of activation.
A core-BRAF35 complex containing histone deacetylase mediates repression of neuronal-specific genes.
The maize low-phytic acid 3 encodes a myo-inositol kinase that plays a role in phytic acid biosynthesis in developing seeds.
Cloning and sequence analysis of an Ig lambda light chain mRNA expressed in the Burkitt's lymphoma cell line EB4.
Keratin K6irs is specific to the inner root sheath of hair follicles in mice and humans.
In vivo covalent cross-linking of cellular actin by the Vibrio cholerae RTX toxin.
Characterization and cloning of lgp110, a lysosomal membrane glycoprotein from mouse and rat cells.
Molecular cloning sequence and distribution of rat calspermin, a high affinity calmodulin-binding protein.
Purification, molecular cloning and functional characterization of flavonoid C-glucosyltransferases from Fagopyrum esculentum M. (buckwheat) cotyledon.
Linalool dehydratase-isomerase, a bifunctional enzyme in the anaerobic degradation of monoterpenes.
A variant limb deformity transcript expressed in the embryonic mouse limb defines a novel formin.
The mouse Lect2 gene: cloning of cDNA and genomic DNA, structural characterization and chromosomal localization.
A heterochromatin-dependent transcription machinery drives piRNA expression.
Characterization of long cDNA clones from human adult spleen. II. The complete sequences of 81 cDNA clones.
A novel POU homeodomain gene specifically expressed in cells of the developing mammalian nervous system.
Prediction of the coding sequences of mouse homologues of KIAA gene: II. The complete nucleotide sequences of 400 mouse KIAA-homologous cDNAs identified by screening of terminal sequences of cDNA clones randomly sampled from size-fractionated libraries.
nMAT4, a maturase factor required for nad1 pre-mRNA processing and maturation, is essential for holocomplex I biogenesis in Arabidopsis mitochondria.
A soluble form of the HLA-G antigen is encoded by a messenger ribonucleic acid containing intron 4.
Molecular cloning and expression of the human interleukin 5 receptor.
The DUF59 family gene AE7 acts in the cytosolic iron-sulfur cluster assembly pathway to maintain nuclear genome integrity in Arabidopsis.
An AGAMOUS-related MADS-box gene, XAL1 (AGL12), regulates root meristem cell proliferation and flowering transition in Arabidopsis.
Characterization and evolution of the cell cycle-associated mob domain-containing proteins in eukaryotes.
Escherichia coli YrbI is 3-deoxy-D-manno-octulosonate 8-phosphate phosphatase.
A newly identified N-terminal amino acid sequence of human eIF4G binds poly(A)-binding protein and functions in poly(A)-dependent translation.
Human cleavage signal-1 protein; cDNA cloning, transcription and immunological analysis.
Fructose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase may be an ancestral gluconeogenic enzyme.
Antioxidant activity and inhibition of lipid peroxidation in germinating seeds of transgenic soybean expressing OsHGGT.
HrpA, a DEAH-box RNA helicase, is involved in global gene regulation in the Lyme disease spirochete.
Identification and functional expression of a new member of the mammalian Kex2-like processing endoprotease family: its striking structural similarity to PACE4.
Purification and characterization of the poly(hydroxyalkanoic acid) synthase from Chromatium vinosum and localization of the enzyme at the surface of poly(hydroxyalkanoic acid) granules.
DRBP76, a double-stranded RNA-binding nuclear protein, is phosphorylated by the interferon-induced protein kinase, PKR.
The solution structure of the bacteriophage lambda head-tail joining protein, gpFII.
Human muscle neural cell adhesion molecule (N-CAM): identification of a muscle-specific sequence in the extracellular domain.
Purification, characterization, and role of nucleases and serine proteases in Streptomyces differentiation. Analogies with the biochemical processes described in late steps of eukaryotic apoptosis.
Biotechnology and genetics of ergot alkaloids.
MPP2 is a postsynaptic MAGUK scaffold protein that links SynCAM1 cell adhesion molecules to core components of the postsynaptic density.
Murine helix-loop-helix transcriptional activator proteins binding to the E-box motif of the Akv murine leukemia virus enhancer identified by cDNA cloning.
IRAK-M is a negative regulator of Toll-like receptor signaling.
Illumina-based de novo transcriptome sequencing and analysis of Amanita exitialis basidiocarps.
Identification and functional characterization of nadrin variants, a novel family of GTPase activating protein for rho GTPases.
An exopolyphosphatase of Escherichia coli. The enzyme and its ppx gene in a polyphosphate operon.
Cicerin and arietin, novel chickpea peptides with different antifungal potencies.
A membrane protein complex mediates retro-translocation from the ER lumen into the cytosol.
Halcurin, a polypeptide toxin from the sea anemone Halcurias sp., with a structural resemblance to type 1 and 2 toxins.
Nucleotide sequence of three cDNAs for the human high affinity Fc receptor (FcRI).
Identification and characterization of novel mammalian neuropeptide FF-like peptides that attenuate morphine-induced antinociception.
FQR1, a novel primary auxin-response gene, encodes a flavin mononucleotide-binding quinone reductase.
Members of a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor gene family are expressed in different regions of the mammalian central nervous system.
Limited proteolysis study of structure-function relationships in Sh I, a polypeptide neurotoxin from a sea anemone.
A mammalian homologue of GCN2 protein kinase important for translational control by phosphorylation of eukaryotic initiation factor-2alpha.
Involvement of minor components associated with the FimA fimbriae of Porphyromonas gingivalis in adhesive functions.
The phosphofructokinase-B (MJ0406) from Methanocaldococcus jannaschii represents a nucleoside kinase with a broad substrate specificity.
Abundant secretory lipocalins displaying male and lactation-specific expression in adult hamster submandibular gland. cDNA cloning and sex hormone-regulated repression.
Homez, a homeobox leucine zipper gene specific to the vertebrate lineage.
The human extracellular matrix gene 1 (ECM1): genomic structure, cDNA cloning, expression pattern, and chromosomal localization.
Pyruvate : NADP+ oxidoreductase from the mitochondrion of Euglena gracilis and from the apicomplexan Cryptosporidium parvum: a biochemical relic linking pyruvate metabolism in mitochondriate and amitochondriate protists.
Activation of the Rhizobium leguminosarum glnII gene by NtrC is dependent on upstream DNA sequences.
MAGE-E1, a new member of the melanoma-associated antigen gene family and its expression in human glioma.
EssC: domain structures inform on the elusive translocation channel in the Type VII secretion system.
Role of the methylcitrate cycle in growth, antagonism and induction of systemic defence responses in the fungal biocontrol agent Trichoderma atroviride.
Molecular and functional characterization of HSC54, a novel variant of human heat-shock cognate protein 70.
Highly oxidized peroxisomes are selectively degraded via autophagy in Arabidopsis.
Arabidopsis ubiquitin ligase MIEL1 mediates degradation of the transcription factor MYB30 weakening plant defence.
Regulation of mesangial cell Na+/Ca2+ exchanger isoforms.
Purification and partial characterization of feline classical pancreatic lipase.
Primary structure of a fucose-specific lectin obtained from a mushroom, Aleuria aurantia.
Arabidopsis thaliana contains a single gene encoding squalene synthase.
The antenna system of photosystem II from Thermosynechococcus elongatus at 3.2 A resolution.
Identification and biochemical characterization of mutants in the proanthocyanidin pathway in Arabidopsis.
Fibroblast growth factor homologous factor 2 (FHF2): gene structure, expression and mapping to the Börjeson-Forssman-Lehmann syndrome region in Xq26 delineated by a duplication breakpoint in a BFLS-like patient.
Characterization of a radical S-adenosyl-L-methionine epimerase, NeoN, in the last step of neomycin B biosynthesis.
Lipopolysaccharide-activated kinase, an essential component for the induction of the antimicrobial peptide genes in Drosophila melanogaster cells.
A subgroup of MATE transporter genes regulates hypocotyl cell elongation in Arabidopsis.
HMt, a histone-related protein from Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum delta H.
Analysis of the murine All-1 gene reveals conserved domains with human ALL-1 and identifies a motif shared with DNA methyltransferases.
Novel mechanism for high-altitude adaptation in hemoglobin of the Andean frog Telmatobius peruvianus.
A family of human lymphoid and myeloid Ig-like receptors, some of which bind to MHC class I molecules.
Crystal structure of the IrrE protein, a central regulator of DNA damage repair in deinococcaceae.
A functional domain in the heavy chain of scatter factor/hepatocyte growth factor binds the c-Met receptor and induces cell dissociation but not mitogenesis.
A kinesin-like protein, KatAp, in the cells of arabidopsis and other plants.
Ran-binding protein 5 (RanBP5) is related to the nuclear transport factor importin-beta but interacts differently with RanBP1.
Isolation of an FMRP-associated messenger ribonucleoprotein particle and identification of nucleolin and the fragile X-related proteins as components of the complex.
Gene content of the 750-kb critical region for mouse embryonic ectoderm lethal tcl-w5.
A comprehensive profile of brain enzymes that hydrolyze the endocannabinoid 2-arachidonoylglycerol.
Hec1p, an evolutionarily conserved coiled-coil protein, modulates chromosome segregation through interaction with SMC proteins.
Amino acid residues in the GIY-YIG endonuclease II of phage T4 affecting sequence recognition and binding as well as catalysis.
RHEX, a novel regulator of human erythroid progenitor cell expansion and erythroblast development.
The human homolog of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Mcm10 interacts with replication factors and dissociates from nuclease-resistant nuclear structures in G(2) phase.
Characterization of a heme c nitrite reductase from a non-ammonifying microorganism, Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough.
Dual start motif in two lambdoid S genes unrelated to lambda S.
The human intron-containing gene for glycogenin maps to chromosome 3, band q24.
The neurofibromatosis type 1 gene encodes a protein related to GAP.
Chromosomal mapping of the human M6 genes.
A novel protein Depp, which is induced by progesterone in human endometrial stromal cells activates Elk-1 transcription factor.
Cloning, localisation and functional expression of the human orthologue of the TREK-1 potassium channel.
Netrin-G1: a novel glycosyl phosphatidylinositol-linked mammalian netrin that is functionally divergent from classical netrins.
Sequence of the cDNA encoding human GP-2, the major membrane protein in the secretory granule of the exocrine pancreas.
A cGMP-dependent protein kinase is implicated in wild-type motility in C. elegans.
Indolepyruvate ferredoxin oxidoreductase from Pyrococcus sp. KOD1 possesses a mosaic structure showing features of various oxidoreductases.
A novel human odorant-binding protein gene family resulting from genomic duplicons at 9q34: differential expression in the oral and genital spheres.
Biochemical analysis of the substrate specificity and sequence preference of endonuclease IV from bacteriophage T4, a dC-specific endonuclease implicated in restriction of dC-substituted T4 DNA synthesis.
Purification and characterization of acharan sulfate lyases, two novel heparinases, from Bacteroides stercoris HJ-15.
Melectin: a novel antimicrobial peptide from the venom of the cleptoparasitic bee Melecta albifrons.
STOP proteins are responsible for the high degree of microtubule stabilization observed in neuronal cells.
Nuclear pore complex glycoprotein p62 of Xenopus laevis and mouse: cDNA cloning and identification of its glycosylated region.
Two membrane-associated tyrosine phosphatase homologs potentiate C. elegans AKT-1/PKB signaling.
Cloning of a new mouse two-P domain channel subunit and a human homologue with a unique pore structure.
Comparative analysis of the human gimap gene cluster encoding a novel GTPase family.
A novel gene, MALT1 at 18q21, is involved in t(11;18) (q21;q21) found in low-grade B-cell lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue.
Polymerization of bacteriophage phi 29 replication protein p1 into protofilament sheets.
Cloning, expression, and characterization of a DNA ligase from a hyperthermophilic archaeon Thermococcus sp.
Differential modulation of Kv4 kinetics by KCHIP1 splice variants.
Characterization of 3-ketosteroid 9{alpha}-hydroxylase, a Rieske oxygenase in the cholesterol degradation pathway of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Differential expression and function of Arabidopsis thaliana NHX Na+/H+ antiporters in the salt stress response.
Molecular cloning, genomic structure, chromosomal localization, and alternative splice forms of the platelet collagen receptor glycoprotein VI.
Secretion and maturation of conotoxins in the venom ducts of Conus textile.
Identification of dinR, a DNA damage-inducible regulator gene of Bacillus subtilis.
hHSS1: a novel secreted factor and suppressor of glioma growth located at chromosome 19q13.33.
Cloning and functional expression of human endothelin-converting enzyme cDNA.
mSlo, a complex mouse gene encoding "maxi" calcium-activated potassium channels.
Rat liver low M(r) phosphotyrosine protein phosphatase isoenzymes: purification and amino acid sequences.
Detection and cloning of an X-linked locus associated with a NotI site that is not methylated on mouse inactivated X chromosome by the RLGS-M method.
Molecular cloning and characterization of RBCK2, a splicing variant of a RBCC family protein, RBCK1.
The VLCFA elongase gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana: phylogenetic analysis, 3D modelling and expression profiling.
Molecular cloning, genomic positioning, promoter identification, and characterization of the novel cyclic amp-specific phosphodiesterase PDE4A10.
Molecular diversity of the NMDA receptor channel.
Sequence analysis of LRPPRC and its SEC1 domain interaction partners suggests roles in cytoskeletal organization, vesicular trafficking, nucleocytosolic shuttling, and chromosome activity.
Structure of the Eip28/29 gene, an ecdysone-inducible gene from Drosophila.
Systematic mapping and functional analysis of a family of human epididymal secretory sperm-located proteins.
3-Chloro-DL-alanine resistance by L-methionine-alpha-deamino-gamma-mercaptomethane-lyase activity.
Gene sequence and the 1.8 A crystal structure of the tungsten-containing formate dehydrogenase from Desulfovibrio gigas.
Fatty-acid-displaced transcriptional repressor, a conserved regulator of cytochrome P450 102 transcription in Bacillus species.
Dephosphorylation of cell cycle-regulated proteins correlates with anoxia-induced suspended animation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Functional identification of OsHk6 as a homotypic cytokinin receptor in rice with preferential affinity for iP.
[Interaction of cardiotoxin A5 with a membrane: role of conformational heterogeneity and hydrophilic properties].
The putative protein methyltransferase LAE1 of Trichoderma atroviride is a key regulator of asexual development and mycoparasitism.
Inhibition of natural killer cell activation signals by killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors (CD158).
Molecular dissection of venom from Chinese scorpion Mesobuthus martensii: identification and characterization of four novel disulfide-bridged venom peptides.
Identification of an additional protein involved in mannan biosynthesis.
Identification of Escherichia coli proteins cross-reacting with antibodies against region 2.2 peptide of RNA polymerase sigma subunit.
Cloning and characterization of mouse ACF7, a novel member of the dystonin subfamily of actin binding proteins.
Purification and molecular identification of an antifungal peptide from the hemolymph of Musca domestica (housefly).
A structural basis for substrate selectivity and stereoselectivity in octopine dehydrogenase from Pecten maximus.
Conserved oncogenic behavior of the FAM83 family regulates MAPK signaling in human cancer.
Characterization of galacturonosyl transferase genes rgtA, rgtB, rgtC, rgtD, and rgtE responsible for lipopolysaccharide synthesis in nitrogen-fixing endosymbiont Rhizobium leguminosarum: lipopolysaccharide core and lipid galacturonosyl residues confer membrane stability.
The human dermokine gene: description of novel isoforms with different tissue-specific expression and subcellular location.
Cloning and partial characterization of the cDNA encoding the fox sperm protein FSA-Acr.1 with similarities to the SP-10 antigen.
Multiple splicing variants of two new human ATP-binding cassette transporters, ABCC11 and ABCC12.
Identification of a novel isoform of microphthalmia-associated transcription factor that is enriched in retinal pigment epithelium.
SPINK5, the defective gene in netherton syndrome, encodes multiple LEKTI isoforms derived from alternative pre-mRNA processing.
Splicing diversity of the human OCLN gene and its biological significance for hepatitis C virus entry.
Fusion of two novel genes, RBM15 and MKL1, in the t(1;22)(p13;q13) of acute megakaryoblastic leukemia.
Guanosine 5'-triphosphate, 3'-diphosphate 5'-phosphohydrolase. Purification and substrate specificity.
The 69-kDa 2-5A synthetase is composed of two homologous and adjacent functional domains.
Molecular and biochemical characterization of nematode cofactor independent phosphoglycerate mutases.
Radiation response in Deinococcus deserti: IrrE is a metalloprotease that cleaves repressor protein DdrO.
Intracellular interferons in fish: a unique means to combat viral infection.
The RNA binding G-patch domain in retroviral protease is important for infectivity and D-type morphogenesis of Mason-Pfizer monkey virus.
Identification and expression analysis of OsLPR family revealed the potential roles of OsLPR3 and 5 in maintaining phosphate homeostasis in rice.
Identification and characterization of a novel endoplasmic reticulum (ER) DnaJ homologue, which stimulates ATPase activity of BiP in vitro and is induced by ER stress.
AtPRK2 promotes ROP1 activation via RopGEFs in the control of polarized pollen tube growth.
Molecular cloning and characterization of two novel truncated isoforms of human Na+/Ca2+ exchanger 3, expressed in fetal brain.
Genome-wide identification, phylogenetic and co-expression analysis of OsSET gene family in rice.
MRK, a mixed lineage kinase-related molecule that plays a role in gamma-radiation-induced cell cycle arrest.
Alternative splicing of transcripts from crtI and crtYB genes of Xanthophyllomyces dendrorhous.
Human minibrain homologue (MNBH/DYRK1): characterization, alternative splicing, differential tissue expression, and overexpression in Down syndrome.
Intergenic splicing between a HERV-H endogenous retrovirus and two adjacent human genes.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase 2 (Nmnat2) regulates axon integrity in the mouse embryo.
The archaeal "7 kDa DNA-binding" proteins: extended characterization of an old gifted family.
Human and murine FMR-1: alternative splicing and translational initiation downstream of the CGG-repeat.
Spatiotemporal recruitment of human DNA polymerase delta to sites of UV damage.
Mollusc-specific toxins from the venom of Conus textile neovicarius.
Phylogenetic analyses of two "archaeal" genes in thermotoga maritima reveal multiple transfers between archaea and bacteria.
Arabidopsis thaliana glucuronosyltransferase in family GT14.
The export of the DNA replication inhibitor Microcin B17 provides immunity for the host cell.
Ferritin from the spleen of the Antarctic teleost Trematomus bernacchii is an M-type homopolymer.
Anterograde axonal transport of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor and its receptors in rat hypoglossal nerve.
Cloning, functional expression, and characterization of the raffinose oligosaccharide chain elongation enzyme, galactan:galactan galactosyltransferase, from common bugle leaves.
The murine interleukin-4 receptor: molecular cloning and characterization of secreted and membrane bound forms.
Genome mining of a prenylated and immunosuppressive polyketide from pathogenic fungi.
Hyastatin, a glycine-rich multi-domain antimicrobial peptide isolated from the spider crab (Hyas araneus) hemocytes.
Structure-based identification of a novel NTPase from Methanococcus jannaschii.
Characterization and application of carbohydrate-binding modules of beta-1,3-xylanase XYL4.
Isolation of XAB2 complex involved in pre-mRNA splicing, transcription, and transcription-coupled repair.
ELABELA: a hormone essential for heart development signals via the apelin receptor.
Structural insights into the histidine trimethylation activity of EgtD from Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Transgene analysis proves mRNA trans-splicing at the complex mod(mdg4) locus in Drosophila.
Identification of an Efs isoform that lacks the SH3 domain and chromosomal mapping of human Efs.
Purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray diffraction analysis of aspartate semialdehyde dehydrogenase (Rv3708c) from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
LIN-42/PERIOD controls cyclical and developmental progression of C. elegans molts.
Molecular cloning and expression of mouse and human cDNA encoding AES and ESG proteins with strong similarity to Drosophila enhancer of split groucho protein.
Structure and regulation of ferredoxin-dependent glutamase synthase from Arabidopsis thaliana. Cloning of cDNA expression in different tissues of wild-type and gltS mutant strains, and light induction.
The autophagy-related genes BbATG1 and BbATG8 have different functions in differentiation, stress resistance and virulence of mycopathogen Beauveria bassiana.
Substrate oxidation by dye-decolorizing peroxidases (DyPs) from wood- and litter-degrading agaricomycetes compared to other fungal and plant heme-peroxidases.
Organization and transcription of the myo-inositol operon, iol, of Bacillus subtilis.
NADPH-dependent reductases involved in the detoxification of reactive carbonyls in plants.
KCS1 encodes a fatty acid elongase 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase affecting wax biosynthesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
ENHANCED DISEASE RESISTANCE4 associates with CLATHRIN HEAVY CHAIN2 and modulates plant immunity by regulating relocation of EDR1 in Arabidopsis.
A novel regulator of p21-activated kinases.
The occurrence of three isoforms of heparan sulfate 6-O-sulfotransferase having different specificities for hexuronic acid adjacent to the targeted N-sulfoglucosamine.
Isolation and characterization of Drosophila cAMP-dependent protein kinase genes.
Molecular characterization of Shaker, a Drosophila gene that encodes a potassium channel.
Molecular cloning, chromosomal assignment, and expression of the mouse aspartylglucosaminidase gene.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a novel histone deacetylase HDAC10.
Coccinin, an antifungal peptide with antiproliferative and HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitory activities from large scarlet runner beans.
The PRA1 gene family in Arabidopsis.
Octanoylation of early intermediates of mycobacterial methylglucose lipopolysaccharides.
Cloning of the laminin alpha 3 chain gene (LAMA3) and identification of a homozygous deletion in a patient with Herlitz junctional epidermolysis bullosa.
Interaction between p12CDK2AP1 and a novel unnamed protein product inhibits cell proliferation by regulating the cell cycle.
The purification of shikimate dehydrogenase from Escherichia coli.
A peroxisomal acyltransferase in mouse identifies a novel pathway for taurine conjugation of fatty acids.
Cloning and characterization of a new isoform of the interleukin 1 receptor antagonist.
Crystal structure of the lectin of Camptosema pedicellatum: implications of a conservative substitution at the hydrophobic subsite.
Aberrant recombination events in B cell lines derived from a kappa-deficient human.
Cloning, characterization, and chromosomal localization of rec1.3, a member of the G-protein-coupled receptor family highly expressed in brain.
Identification and expression of two forms of the human transforming growth factor-beta-binding protein endoglin with distinct cytoplasmic regions.
Mitotic checkpoint locus MAD1L1 maps to human chromosome 7p22 and mouse chromosome 5.
Nucleotide sequence of the outB locus of Bacillus subtilis and regulation of its expression.
The transcription factor Mrr1p controls expression of the MDR1 efflux pump and mediates multidrug resistance in Candida albicans.
Inactivation of the inhA-encoded fatty acid synthase II (FASII) enoyl-acyl carrier protein reductase induces accumulation of the FASI end products and cell lysis of Mycobacterium smegmatis.
The 1.70 angstroms X-ray crystal structure of Mycobacterium tuberculosis phosphoglycerate mutase.
Characterization of a common susceptibility locus for asthma-related traits.
Dynamin genes Dnm1 and Dnm2 are located on proximal mouse chromosomes 2 and 9, respectively.
hNMP 200: a novel human common nuclear matrix protein combining structural and regulatory functions.
Genomic organization of the human interleukin-12 receptor beta2-chain gene.
hMSH2 forms specific mispair-binding complexes with hMSH3 and hMSH6.
Cloning and sequencing of a 2,5-dichlorohydroquinone reductive dehalogenase gene whose product is involved in degradation of gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane by Sphingomonas paucimobilis.
Erythritol feeds the pentose phosphate pathway via three new isomerases leading to D-erythrose-4-phosphate in Brucella.
Transcriptional and functional classification of the GOLVEN/ROOT GROWTH FACTOR/CLE-like signaling peptides reveals their role in lateral root and hair formation.
A family of highly diverse human and mouse genes structurally links leukocyte FcR, gp42 and PECAM-1.
Cloning, expression, purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray diffraction studies of N-acetylneuraminate lyase from methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Azole resistance in Candida glabrata: coordinate upregulation of multidrug transporters and evidence for a Pdr1-like transcription factor.
The Escherichia coli fadK (ydiD) gene encodes an anerobically regulated short chain acyl-CoA synthetase.
Structure and nucleotide sequence of a Drosophila melanogaster protein kinase C gene.
A crystallographic study of Cys69Ala flavodoxin II from Azotobacter vinelandii: structural determinants of redox potential.
The C. elegans gene lin-9,which acts in an Rb-related pathway, is required for gonadal sheath cell development and encodes a novel protein.
Interaction of Arabidopsis kinesin-like calmodulin-binding protein with tubulin subunits: modulation by Ca(2+)-calmodulin.
Cloning and sequencing of a Treponema pallidum gene encoding a 31.3-kilodalton endoflagellar subunit (FlaB2).
Nova, the paraneoplastic Ri antigen, is homologous to an RNA-binding protein and is specifically expressed in the developing motor system.
Mouse Dac, a novel nuclear factor with homology to Drosophila dachshund shows a dynamic expression in the neural crest, the eye, the neocortex, and the limb bud.
asmB, a suppressor locus for assembly-defective OmpF mutants of Escherichia coli, is allelic to envA (lpxC).
Identification of novel splice variants of the human catalytic subunit Cbeta of cAMP-dependent protein kinase.
Crystal structure of a UDP-glucose-specific glycosyltransferase from a Mycobacterium species.
Peptidomic survey of the locust neuroendocrine system.
Two novel genes, human neugrin and mouse m-neugrin, are upregulated with neuronal differentiation in neuroblastoma cells.
In vitro specificities of Arabidopsis co-activator histone acetyltransferases: implications for histone hyperacetylation in gene activation.
New tricks of an old pattern: structural versatility of scorpion toxins with common cysteine spacing.
Molecular cloning and tissue distribution of alternatively spliced mRNAs encoding possible mammalian homologues of the yeast secretory pathway calcium pump.
Identification of a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of aurofusarin in the Fusarium graminearum species complex.
Psidin is required in Drosophila blood cells for both phagocytic degradation and immune activation of the fat body.
Helokinestatin: a new bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist decapeptide from lizard venom.
Highwire regulates synaptic growth in Drosophila.
Autoimmunity to gephyrin in Stiff-Man syndrome.
LAG-3 is a putative transcriptional activator in the C. elegans Notch pathway.
Manipulation of a nuclear NAD+ salvage pathway delays aging without altering steady-state NAD+ levels.
Proteomics of endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi intermediate compartment (ERGIC) membranes from brefeldin A-treated HepG2 cells identifies ERGIC-32, a new cycling protein that interacts with human Erv46.
Lhx9 and Lhx9alpha LIM-homeodomain factors: genomic structure, expression patterns, chromosomal localization, and phylogenetic analysis.
The Arabidopsis ABA-deficient mutant aba4 demonstrates that the major route for stress-induced ABA accumulation is via neoxanthin isomers.
Identification of additional genes under the control of the transcription factor sigma F of Bacillus subtilis.
The first potassium channel toxin from the venom of the Iranian scorpion Odonthobuthus doriae.
The anther-specific protein encoded by the Brassica napus and Arabidopsis thaliana A6 gene displays similarity to beta-1,3-glucanases.
Primary structure and alternative splice variants of gephyrin, a putative glycine receptor-tubulin linker protein.
Genetic analysis of growth cone guidance in Drosophila: fasciclin II functions as a neuronal recognition molecule.
Elongation Factor Tu Prevents Misediting of Gly-tRNA(Gly) Caused by the Design Behind the Chiral Proofreading Site of D-Aminoacyl-tRNA Deacylase.
Integration of spatial and temporal information during floral induction in Arabidopsis.
The oligoadenylate synthetase family: an ancient protein family with multiple antiviral activities.
Unique catabolic pathway of glycosphingolipids in a hydrozoan, Hydra magnipapillata, involving endoglycoceramidase.
Cell surface tumor endothelial markers are conserved in mice and humans.
TANGO1 and Mia2/cTAGE5 (TALI) cooperate to export bulky pre-chylomicrons/VLDLs from the endoplasmic reticulum.
Molecular cloning and expression regulation of PRG-3, a new member of the plasticity-related gene family.
Structural characterization and specificity of expression of E2F-5: a new member of the E2F family of transcription factors.
Mitochondrial GFA2 is required for synergid cell death in Arabidopsis.
Efficient association of an amino-terminally extended form of human latent transforming growth factor-beta binding protein with the extracellular matrix.
Development and media regulate alternative splicing of a methyltransferase pre-mRNA in Monascus pilosus.
Characterization of two fructosyl-amino acid oxidase homologs of Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
A mouse homologue of FAST-1 transduces TGF beta superfamily signals and is expressed during early embryogenesis.
Aspergillus fumigatus arp1 modulates conidial pigmentation and complement deposition.
A natural ligand for the orphan receptor GPR15 modulates lymphocyte recruitment to epithelia.
The Nuclear Receptor HIZR-1 Uses Zinc as a Ligand to Mediate Homeostasis in Response to High Zinc.
Structural Basis for Inhibition of Human Autotaxin by Four Potent Compounds with Distinct Modes of Binding.
The oxidant-responsive diaphorase of Rhodobacter capsulatus is a ferredoxin (flavodoxin)-NADP(H) reductase.
ERK8, a new member of the mitogen-activated protein kinase family.
Human metabotropic glutamate receptor 1: mRNA distribution, chromosome localization and functional expression of two splice variants.
Differential expression of carotenoid-related genes determines diversified carotenoid coloration in floral tissues of Oncidium cultivars.
Cloning and characterization of a Caenorhabditis elegans cDNA encoding a new insulin/IGF-like peptide.
Molecular cloning of alternatively spliced human 5-HT3 receptor cDNAs.
Cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the murine nm23-M5 gene during mouse spermatogenesis and spermiogenesis.
D-xylose degradation pathway in the halophilic archaeon Haloferax volcanii.
Novel alternative splice variants of cGMP-binding cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase.
RAET1E2, a soluble isoform of the UL16-binding protein RAET1E produced by tumor cells, inhibits NKG2D-mediated NK cytotoxicity.
Protocadherin X ( PCDHX) and Y ( PCDHY) genes; multiple mRNA isoforms encoding variant signal peptides and cytoplasmic domains.
Tetrahydrofolate biosynthesis in plants: molecular and functional characterization of dihydrofolate synthetase and three isoforms of folylpolyglutamate synthetase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Deciphering the transcriptional-regulatory network of flocculation in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Two human cDNAs, including a homolog of Arabidopsis FUS6 (COP11), suppress G-protein- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated signal transduction in yeast and mammalian cells.
Molecular cloning and hormonal regulation of a murine epididymal retinoic acid-binding protein messenger ribonucleic acid.
Novel GABAA receptor alpha subunit is expressed only in cerebellar granule cells.
Early gene expression during androgen-induced inhibition of proliferation of prostate cancer cells: a new suppressor candidate on chromosome 13, in the BRCA2-Rb1 locus.
Cloning of MITF, the human homolog of the mouse microphthalmia gene and assignment to chromosome 3p14.1-p12.3.
liver-enriched gene 1a and 1b encode novel secretory proteins essential for normal liver development in zebrafish.
GliZ, a transcriptional regulator of gliotoxin biosynthesis, contributes to Aspergillus fumigatus virulence.
Allergenicity and cross-reactivity of booklice (Liposcelis bostrichophila): a common household insect pest in Japan.
Reconstitution of Formylglycine-generating Enzyme with Copper(II) for Aldehyde Tag Conversion.
The molecular basis for histone H4- and H2A-specific amino-terminal acetylation by NatD.
R-loop stabilization represses antisense transcription at the Arabidopsis FLC locus.
Glucosinolate engineering identifies a gamma-glutamyl peptidase.
H1FOO is coupled to the initiation of oocytic growth.
Glucosylglycerate biosynthesis in the deepest lineage of the Bacteria: characterization of the thermophilic proteins GpgS and GpgP from Persephonella marina.
Nit1 is a metabolite repair enzyme that hydrolyzes deaminated glutathione.
D-glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. Complete amino-acid sequence of the enzyme from Bacillus stearothermophilus.
ATFC is a novel transducer for the unfolded protein response in Bombyx mori BM5 cells.
Subtractive expression cloning reveals high expression of CD46 at the blood-brain barrier.
Nonmuscle and smooth muscle myosin light chain mRNAs are generated from a single gene by the tissue-specific alternative RNA splicing.
Maize opaque10 Encodes a Cereal-Specific Protein That Is Essential for the Proper Distribution of Zeins in Endosperm Protein Bodies.
Sequencing and characterization of the kinesin-related genes katB and katC of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Novel M-Superfamily and T-Superfamily conotoxins and contryphans from the vermivorous snail Conus figulinus.
Expression and identification of a novel gene Spata34 in mouse spermatogenic cells.
The leucine-rich repeat (LRR) protein, CaLRR1, interacts with the hypersensitive induced reaction (HIR) protein, CaHIR1, and suppresses cell death induced by the CaHIR1 protein.
Escherichia coli chorismate synthase: a deuterium kinetic-isotope effect under single-turnover and steady-state conditions shows that a flavin intermediate forms before the C-(6proR)-H bond is cleaved.
Purification, some properties and nucleotide sequence of 5-carboxymethyl-2-hydroxymuconate isomerase of Escherichia coli C.
The protein composition of mitotic chromosomes determined using multiclassifier combinatorial proteomics.
Identification of a new human catenin gene family member (ARVCF) from the region deleted in velo-cardio-facial syndrome.
Twitchin kinase interacts with MAPKAP kinase 2 in Caenorhabditis elegans striated muscle.
Computational identification and analysis of immune-associated nucleotide gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A new human gene from the Down syndrome critical region encodes a proline-rich protein highly expressed in fetal brain and heart.
Distribution of genes encoding the trypsin-dependent lantibiotic ruminococcin A among bacteria isolated from human fecal microbiota.
Glutamine synthetase and heteroresistance in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
daf-16: An HNF-3/forkhead family member that can function to double the life-span of Caenorhabditis elegans.
A novel member of the NF2/ERM/4.1 superfamily with growth suppressing properties in lung cancer.
The human olfactory receptor gene family.
Identification of a posttranslational mechanism for the regulation of hERG1 K+ channel expression and hERG1 current density in tumor cells.
Selective induction and subcellular distribution of ACONITASE 3 reveal the importance of cytosolic citrate metabolism during lipid mobilization in Arabidopsis.
The genetic control of molybdoflavoproteins in Aspergillus nidulans. Allopurinol-resistant mutants constitutive for xanthine-dehydrogenase.
The modular structure of haemagglutinin/adhesin regions in gingipains of Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Three dimensional structure of the MqsR:MqsA complex: a novel TA pair comprised of a toxin homologous to RelE and an antitoxin with unique properties.
Molecular characterization of human neogenin, a DCC-related protein, and the mapping of its gene (NEO1) to chromosomal position 15q22.3-q23.
Identification of an Arabidopsis Nodulin-related protein in heat stress.
Identification and characterization of a highly conserved crenarchaeal protein lysine methyltransferase with broad substrate specificity.
Charged collagen structure mediates the recognition of negatively charged macromolecules by macrophage scavenger receptors.
The Causative Gene in Chanarian Dorfman Syndrome Regulates Lipid Droplet Homeostasis in C. elegans.
Regulation of the early expression of the Xenopus nodal-related 1 gene, Xnr1.
Drosophila MEF2 is regulated by twist and is expressed in both the primordia and differentiated cells of the embryonic somatic, visceral and heart musculature.
Pi5 and Pi6, two undescribed peptides from the venom of the scorpion Pandinus imperator and their effects on K<sup>+</sup>-channels.
Identification and characterization of novel mouse and human ADAM33s with potential metalloprotease activity.
Molecular characterization and expression of the Drosophila Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II gene. Identification of four forms of the enzyme generated from a single gene by alternative splicing.
Structural complexity and evolutionary conservation of the Drosophila homeotic gene proboscipedia.
RFX-B is the gene responsible for the most common cause of the bare lymphocyte syndrome, an MHC class II immunodeficiency.
Interaction between parasitophorous vacuolar membrane-associated GRA3 and calcium modulating ligand of host cell endoplasmic reticulum in the parasitism of Toxoplasma gondii.
Hem-1: putting the "WAVE" into actin polymerization during an immune response.
Molecular characterization on the genome structure of hemolysin toxin isoforms isolated from sea anemone Actineria villosa and Phyllodiscus semoni.
Ligand-regulated binding of FAP68 to the hepatocyte growth factor receptor.
Alternative splicing generates a family of putative secreted and membrane-associated MUC4 mucins.
Ectopic expression of EFFECTOR OF TRANSCRIPTION perturbs gibberellin-mediated plant developmental processes.
Identification of the full-length KIAA0591 gene encoding a novel kinesin-related protein which is mapped to the neuroblastoma suppressor gene locus at 1p36.2.
Transgenic overexpression of human IL-17E results in eosinophilia, B-lymphocyte hyperplasia, and altered antibody production.
Chloroplast Translation Initiation Factors Regulate Leaf Variegation and Development.
Isolation and characterization of a 27-kDa antifungal protein from the fruits of Diospyros texana.
Nomenclature of the human immunoglobulin heavy (IGH) genes.
Identification and characterization of RibN, a novel family of riboflavin transporters from Rhizobium leguminosarum and other proteobacteria.
Regional specification of stomatal production by the putative ligand CHALLAH.
Rat phospholipid-hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase. cDNA cloning and identification of multiple transcription and translation start sites.
Recombinant NFAT1 (NFATp) is regulated by calcineurin in T cells and mediates transcription of several cytokine genes.
Ectodysplasin, a protein required for epithelial morphogenesis, is a novel TNF homologue and promotes cell-matrix adhesion.
The homeobox gene mbx is involved in eye and tectum development.
Identification and analysis of a gene from Calendula officinalis encoding a fatty acid conjugase.
Autophagy-Associated Protein SmATG12 Is Required for Fruiting-Body Formation in the Filamentous Ascomycete Sordaria macrospora.
Identification of mushroom body miniature, a zinc-finger protein implicated in brain development of Drosophila.
The Caenorhabditis elegans homolog of the putative prostate cancer susceptibility gene ELAC2, hoe-1, plays a role in germline proliferation.
Cloning and characterization of a novel splice variant of the brain-specific protein densin-180.
Novel splice variants of ING4 and their possible roles in the regulation of cell growth and motility.
sgs1: a neomorphic nac52 allele impairing post-transcriptional gene silencing through SGS3 downregulation.
NLRP10 is a NOD-like receptor essential to initiate adaptive immunity by dendritic cells.
Large deletion of the peroxisomal acyl-CoA oxidase gene in pseudoneonatal adrenoleukodystrophy.
Three-dimensional structure of the elastase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa at 1.5-A resolution.
Molecular cloning and transformation of cyclodiene resistance in Drosophila: an invertebrate gamma-aminobutyric acid subtype A receptor locus.
Hyperproduction and application of alpha-agarase to enzymatic enhancement of antioxidant activity of porphyran.
Molecular cloning of cDNAs from androgen-independent mRNA species of DBA/2 mouse sub-maxillary glands.
Murine Myak, a member of a family of yeast YAK1-related genes, is highly expressed in hormonally modulated epithelia in the reproductive system and in the embryonic central nervous system.
Dengue Virus Non-Structural Protein 5.
Human IgG Fc receptor (hFcRII; CD32) exists as multiple isoforms in macrophages, lymphocytes and IgG-transporting placental epithelium.
Biochemical and molecular characterization of two phosphatidic acid-selective phospholipase A1s, mPA-PLA1alpha and mPA-PLA1beta.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. IV. The coding sequences of 40 new genes (KIAA0121-KIAA0160) deduced by analysis of cDNA clones from human cell line KG-1.
A blueprint of ectoine metabolism from the genome of the industrial producer Halomonas elongata DSM 2581 T.
Phenotype-based identification of mouse chromosome instability mutants.
Gene cloning, purification, and characterization of NfsB, a minor oxygen-insensitive nitroreductase from Escherichia coli, similar in biochemical properties to FRase I, the major flavin reductase in Vibrio fischeri.
Characterization and molecular cloning of a novel MUC1 protein, devoid of tandem repeats, expressed in human breast cancer tissue.
Medaka simplet (FAM53B) belongs to a family of novel vertebrate genes controlling cell proliferation.
EAT-20, a novel transmembrane protein with EGF motifs, is required for efficient feeding in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Osmoregulation in the Halophilic Bacterium Halomonas elongata: A Case Study for Integrative Systems Biology.
cDNA cloning, chromosomal mapping, and expression analysis of human VE-Cadherin-2.
Expression and mutagenesis of the sea anemone toxin Av2 reveals key amino acid residues important for activity on voltage-gated sodium channels.
Identification and characterization of neogenin, a DCC-related gene.
A human microprotein that interacts with the mRNA decapping complex.
A human high affinity interleukin-5 receptor (IL5R) is composed of an IL5-specific alpha chain and a beta chain shared with the receptor for GM-CSF.
Molecular cloning and properties of a full-length putative thyroid hormone receptor coactivator.
Structural and functional studies of the 252 kDa nucleoporin ELYS reveal distinct roles for its three tethered domains.
LocZ is a new cell division protein involved in proper septum placement in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Molecular cloning of the microtubule-associated mechanochemical enzyme dynamin reveals homology with a new family of GTP-binding proteins.
Orchestration of three transporters and distinct vascular structures in node for intervascular transfer of silicon in rice.
Biosynthesis of Nucleoside Diphosphoramidates in Campylobacter jejuni.
Characterization of human HtrA2, a novel serine protease involved in the mammalian cellular stress response.
Role of a highly conserved YPITP motif in 2-oxoacid:ferredoxin oxidoreductase: heterologous expression of the gene from Sulfolobus sp.strain 7, and characterization of the recombinant and variant enzymes.
Fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptor 1-IIIb is a naturally occurring functional receptor for FGFs that is preferentially expressed in the skin and the brain.
Complete nucleotide sequence of the high molecular weight human IGF-I mRNA.
Purification, catalytic properties and thermostability of 3-isopropylmalate dehydrogenase from Escherichia coli.
A family of glutamate receptor genes: evidence for the formation of heteromultimeric receptors with distinct channel properties.
Dmbx1, a novel evolutionarily conserved paired-like homeobox gene expressed in the brain of mouse embryos.
Regulation of transport of the angiotensin AT2 receptor by a novel membrane-associated Golgi protein.
Functional characterization of an NADPH dependent 2-alkyl-3-ketoalkanoic acid reductase involved in olefin biosynthesis in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.
Formation of the retinotectal projection requires Esrom, an ortholog of PAM (protein associated with Myc).
NAC transcription factors, NST1 and NST3, are key regulators of the formation of secondary walls in woody tissues of Arabidopsis.
The neural cell adhesion molecule L1: genomic organisation and differential splicing is conserved between man and the pufferfish Fugu.
Extracellular complementation of a developmental mutation implicates a small sporulation protein in aerial mycelium formation by S. coelicolor.
The m-AAA Protease Associated with Neurodegeneration Limits MCU Activity in Mitochondria.
The Arabidopsis mutant jason produces unreduced first division restitution male gametes through a parallel/fused spindle mechanism in meiosis II.
Morphogenesis of the T4 tail and tail fibers.
Filamin-interacting proteins, Cfm1 and Cfm2, are essential for the formation of cartilaginous skeletal elements.
Genome-wide expressional and functional analysis of calcium transport elements during abiotic stress and development in rice.
Identification and characterization of a novel member of the dystrobrevin gene family.
Identification of BFN1, a bifunctional nuclease induced during leaf and stem senescence in Arabidopsis.
Complete amino acid sequence of the delta heavy chain of human immunoglobulin D.
Molecular analysis of two genes between let-653 and let-56 in the unc-22(IV) region of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Morphological and genetic analysis of three bacteriophages of Serratia marcescens isolated from environmental water.
Molecular cloning of the biotinylated subunit of 3-methylcrotonyl-coenzyme A carboxylase of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Differential expression of three genes encoding an ethylene receptor in rice during development, and in response to indole-3-acetic acid and silver ions.
Identification and characterization of a bactericidal and proapoptotic peptide from Cycas revoluta seeds with DNA binding properties.
Human Nopp140, which interacts with RNA polymerase I: implications for rRNA gene transcription and nucleolar structural organization.
A GTP-dependent vertebrate-type phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase from Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Leaf senescence and starvation-induced chlorosis are accelerated by the disruption of an Arabidopsis autophagy gene.
Mycobacterium bovis Bacillus Calmette-Guerin and its cell wall complex induce a novel lysosomal membrane protein, SIMPLE, that bridges the missing link between lipopolysaccharide and p53-inducible gene, LITAF(PIG7), and estrogen-inducible gene, EET-1.
The partner gene of AML1 in t(16;21) myeloid malignancies is a novel member of the MTG8(ETO) family.
Small GTPase Rac1: structure, localization, and expression of the human gene.
The two functional keratin 6 genes of mouse are differentially regulated and evolved independently from their human orthologs.
Primary structures of cardiotoxin analogues II and IV from the venom of Naja jaja atra.
ABC50, a novel human ATP-binding cassette protein found in tumor necrosis factor-alpha-stimulated synoviocytes.
Biosynthesis of the ansamycin antibiotic rifamycin: deductions from the molecular analysis of the rif biosynthetic gene cluster of Amycolatopsis mediterranei S699.
MTV1 and MTV4 encode plant-specific ENTH and ARF GAP proteins that mediate clathrin-dependent trafficking of vacuolar cargo from the trans-Golgi network.
DFL2, a new member of the Arabidopsis GH3 gene family, is involved in red light-specific hypocotyl elongation.
Variants of the elongator protein 3 (ELP3) gene are associated with motor neuron degeneration.
Methylcitrate synthase from Aspergillus fumigatus is essential for manifestation of invasive aspergillosis.
Characterization of a voltage-gated K+ channel beta subunit expressed in human heart.
Tryptophan aminopeptidase activity of several indole prenyltransferases from Aspergillus fumigatus.
A SWI2/SNF2-type ATPase/helicase protein, mDomino, interacts with myeloid zinc finger protein 2A (MZF-2A) to regulate its transcriptional activity.
Characterization of PfMyb1 transcription factor during erythrocytic development of 3D7 and F12 Plasmodium falciparum clones.
The atomic resolution structure of bucandin, a novel toxin isolated from the Malayan krait, determined by direct methods.
Sequencing, mutational analysis, and transcriptional regulation of the Escherichia coli htrB gene.
Structures of recombinant native and E202Q mutant human acetylcholinesterase complexed with the snake-venom toxin fasciculin-II.
Human ecalectin, a variant of human galectin-9, is a novel eosinophil chemoattractant produced by T lymphocytes.
MYB80, a regulator of tapetal and pollen development, is functionally conserved in crops.
Cloning and characterization of IL-22 binding protein, a natural antagonist of IL-10-related T cell-derived inducible factor/IL-22.
Identification, cloning, and characterization of a novel soluble receptor that binds IL-22 and neutralizes its activity.
Activation of a mitochondrial ATPase gene induces abnormal seed development in Arabidopsis.
NOXO1, regulation of lipid binding, localization, and activation of Nox1 by the Phox homology (PX) domain.
Cysteine desulfurase activity indicates a role for NIFS in metallocluster biosynthesis.
FcRL6, a new ITIM-bearing receptor on cytolytic cells, is broadly expressed by lymphocytes following HIV-1 infection.
Yes-associated protein homolog, YAP-1, is involved in the thermotolerance and aging in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
Characterization of the CaNAG3, CaNAG4, and CaNAG6 genes of the pathogenic fungus Candida albicans: possible involvement of these genes in the susceptibilities of cytotoxic agents.
Phenoxazinone synthase: what's in a name?
STAR family RNA-binding protein ASD-2 regulates developmental switching of mutually exclusive alternative splicing in vivo.
Disruption of the neuronal PAS3 gene in a family affected with schizophrenia.
U box proteins as a new family of ubiquitin-protein ligases.
Cloning, expression, and distribution of functionally distinct Ca(2+)-activated K+ channel isoforms from human brain.
Identification, characterization, and tissue distribution of human peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) isoforms PPARgamma2 versus PPARgamma1 and activation with retinoid X receptor agonists and antagonists.
CD46 is a cellular receptor for bovine viral diarrhea virus.
Genetic Manipulation of the Pneumocandin Biosynthetic Pathway for Generation of Analogues and Evaluation of Their Antifungal Activity.
The natural killer cell receptor specific for HLA-A allotypes: a novel member of the p58/p70 family of inhibitory receptors that is characterized by three immunoglobulin-like domains and is expressed as a 140-kD disulphide-linked dimer.
Isolation and characterization of D-threonine aldolase, a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent enzyme from Arthrobacter sp. DK-38.
Androgens regulate the mammalian homologues of invertebrate sex determination genes tra-2 and fox-1.
The human SLC8A3 gene and the tissue-specific Na+/Ca2+ exchanger 3 isoforms.
MPSR1 is a cytoplasmic PQC E3 ligase for eliminating emergent misfolded proteins in <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i>.
Purification and characterization of a NADP+/NADPH-specific flavoprotein that is overexpressed in FdI- strains of Azotobacter vinelandii.
Inhibition of muscle differentiation by the novel muscleblind-related protein CHCR.
A novel gene in the chromosomal region for juvenile myoclonic epilepsy on 6p12 encodes a brain-specific lysosomal membrane protein.
The FoxP subclass in Xenopus laevis development.
An extracellular ice-binding glycoprotein from an Arctic psychrophilic yeast.
Tityustoxin K alpha blocks voltage-gated noninactivating K+ channels and unblocks inactivating K+ channels blocked by alpha-dendrotoxin in synaptosomes.
31P NMR and genetic analysis establish hinT as the only Escherchia coli purine nucleoside phosphoramidase and as essential for growth under high salt conditions.
Three-dimensional structure of the "long" neurotoxin from cobra venom.
Human GRB-IRbeta/GRB10. Splice variants of an insulin and growth factor receptor-binding protein with PH and SH2 domains.
Evolutionarily conserved multiple C2 domain proteins with two transmembrane regions (MCTPs) and unusual Ca2+ binding properties.
Biogenesis and iron-dependency of ribosomal RNA hydroxylation.
Ergot alkaloid biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus: Conversion of chanoclavine-I aldehyde to festuclavine by the festuclavine synthase FgaFS in the presence of the old yellow enzyme FgaOx3.
Expression, purification and reconstitution of the 4-hydroxybenzoate transporter PcaK from Acinetobacter sp. ADP1.
Cloning of a novel C-terminal kinesin (KIFC3) that maps to human chromosome 16q13-q21 and thus is a candidate gene for Bardet-Biedl syndrome.
The anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia gene (EDA) undergoes alternative splicing and encodes ectodysplasin-A with deletion mutations in collagenous repeats.
First purification of the antiquitin protein and demonstration of its enzymatic activity.
Nucleotide sequence of the Escherichia coli hisD gene and of the Escherichia coli and Salmonella typhimurium hisIE region.
Development of Genetic Dereplication Strains in Aspergillus nidulans Results in the Discovery of Aspercryptin.
Cloning and characterization of BAI-associated protein 1: a PDZ domain-containing protein that interacts with BAI1.
Structure and mechanism of cysteine peptidase gingipain K (Kgp), a major virulence factor of Porphyromonas gingivalis in periodontitis.
Novel antifungal defensins from Nigella sativa L. seeds.
Catalytic relationships between type I and type II iterative polyketide synthases: The Aspergillus parasiticus norsolorinic acid synthase.
Components of the yeast spindle and spindle pole body.
Cloning, sequencing, and expression of the genes encoding an isocyclomaltooligosaccharide glucanotransferase and an alpha-amylase from a Bacillus circulans strain.
The plastid redox insensitive 2 mutant of Arabidopsis is impaired in PEP activity and high light-dependent plastid redox signalling to the nucleus.
A novel anthraquinone ring cleavage enzyme from Aspergillus terreus.
Cloning and expression of a cDNA encoding human placental protein 11, a putative serine protease with diagnostic significance as a tumor marker.
2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase (MHBD) deficiency: an X-linked inborn error of isoleucine metabolism that may mimic a mitochondrial disease.
Genome-wide analysis and expression profiling of half-size ABC protein subgroup G in rice in response to abiotic stress and phytohormone treatments.
NRROS negatively regulates reactive oxygen species during host defence and autoimmunity.
Juno is the egg Izumo receptor and is essential for mammalian fertilization.
A novel metalloprotease/disintegrin-like gene at 17q21.3 is somatically rearranged in two primary breast cancers.
A central integrator of transcription networks in plant stress and energy signalling.
Characterization of the first K⁺ channel blockers from the venom of the Moroccan scorpion Buthus occitanus Paris.
Hierarchical subfunctionalization of fabp1a, fabp1b and fabp10 tissue-specific expression may account for retention of these duplicated genes in the zebrafish (Danio rerio) genome.
The connecdenn family, Rab35 guanine nucleotide exchange factors interfacing with the clathrin machinery.
NADPH oxidase-dependent acid production in airway epithelial cells.
The three subfamilies of leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptors (LGR): identification of LGR6 and LGR7 and the signaling mechanism for LGR7.
C2H2 zinc finger-SET histone methyltransferase is a plant-specific chromatin modifier.
Novel human G protein-coupled receptors with long N-terminals containing GPS domains and Ser/Thr-rich regions.
Max: a helix-loop-helix zipper protein that forms a sequence-specific DNA-binding complex with Myc.
Characterization of a modular enzyme of exo-1,5-alpha-L-arabinofuranosidase and arabinan binding module from Streptomyces avermitilis NBRC14893.
Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of interleukin 16 from nonhuman primates and from the mouse.
Human N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor modulatory subunit hNR2A: cloning and sequencing of the cDNA and primary structure of the protein.
Molecular cloning of a novel membrane-type matrix metalloproteinase from a human breast carcinoma.
Role of Polo-like kinase in the degradation of early mitotic inhibitor 1, a regulator of the anaphase promoting complex/cyclosome.
TETRASPORE encodes a kinesin required for male meiotic cytokinesis in Arabidopsis.
The four murine peroxisomal ABC-transporter genes differ in constitutive, inducible and developmental expression.
An unusual, His-dependent family I pyrophosphatase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Molecular cloning and characterization of chromosomal virulence region kcpA of Shigella flexneri.
Cloning of a Xenopus laevis cDNA encoding focal adhesion kinase (FAK) and expression during early development.
Production, purification, and functional analysis of recombinant human and mouse 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 7.
The murine IRAK2 gene encodes four alternatively spliced isoforms, two of which are inhibitory.
Mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase lowers leaf respiration and alters photorespiration and plant growth in Arabidopsis.
DEDD regulates degradation of intermediate filaments during apoptosis.
Nicotinamide and PNC1 govern lifespan extension by calorie restriction in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Functional Redundancy and Divergence within the Arabidopsis RETICULATA-RELATED Gene Family.
The SDR (short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase and related enzymes) nomenclature initiative.
NFI/X proteins: a class of NFI family of transcription factors with positive and negative regulatory domains.
Cloning of an arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferase (aaNAT1) from Drosophila melanogaster expressed in the nervous system and the gut.
The secondary structure of the toxin ATX Ia from Anemonia sulcata in aqueous solution determined on the basis of complete sequence-specific 1H-NMR assignments.
Mercury operon regulation by the merR gene of the organomercurial resistance system of plasmid pDU1358.
alpha-Latrotoxin stimulates exocytosis by the interaction with a neuronal G-protein-coupled receptor.
A splice variant of the two-pore domain potassium channel TREK-1 with only one pore domain reduces the surface expression of full-length TREK-1 channels.
Association of structural polymorphisms in the human period3 gene with delayed sleep phase syndrome.
Purification and characterization of a novel salivary antimicrobial peptide from the tick, Ixodes scapularis.
Comparison of molecularly cloned bullous pemphigoid antigen to desmoplakin I confirms that they define a new family of cell adhesion junction plaque proteins.
Functional expression of the human formyl peptide receptor in Xenopus oocytes requires a complementary human factor.
Genomics-driven discovery of the pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster in the fungus Glarea lozoyensis.
Regulation of the formate dehydrogenase gene, FDH1, in the methylotrophic yeast Candida boidinii and growth characteristics of an FDH1-disrupted strain on methanol, methylamine, and choline.
INF1 is a novel microtubule-associated formin.
Cloning, genomic organization, and expression analysis of zebrafish nuclear receptor coactivator, TIF2.
Crystallization and preliminary X-ray crystallographic analysis of Ca2+-independent and Ca2+-dependent species of the type II antifreeze protein.
NIK1-mediated translation suppression functions as a plant antiviral immunity mechanism.
Deficiency of essential GTP-binding protein ObgE in Escherichia coli inhibits chromosome partition.
A novel human STE20-related protein kinase, HGK, that specifically activates the c-Jun N-terminal kinase signaling pathway.
A novel immunoglobulin superfamily receptor for cellular and viral MHC class I molecules.
LAIR-1, a novel inhibitory receptor expressed on human mononuclear leukocytes.
Chemical synthesis of a neurotoxic polypeptide from the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus.
Camphor revisited: studies of 2,5-diketocamphane 1,2-monooxygenase from Pseudomonas putida ATCC 17453.
Characterization of hydrogenase II from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus and assessment of its role in sulfur reduction.
Functional characterization of the MKC1 gene of Candida albicans, which encodes a mitogen-activated protein kinase homolog related to cell integrity.
early bolting in short days: an Arabidopsis mutation that causes early flowering and partially suppresses the floral phenotype of leafy.
Identification and characterization of a unique adenosine kinase from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Variability of Potassium Channel Blockers in Mesobuthus eupeus Scorpion Venom with Focus on Kv1.1: AN INTEGRATED TRANSCRIPTOMIC AND PROTEOMIC STUDY.
Methylation-mediated transcriptional silencing in euchromatin by methyl-CpG binding protein MBD1 isoforms.
Multiple hemoglobins of catostomid fish. I. Isolation and characterization of the isohemoglobins from Catostomus clarkii.
An online nano-LC-ESI-FTICR-MS method for comprehensive characterization of endogenous fragments from amyloid β and amyloid precursor protein in human and cat cerebrospinal fluid.
A defective signal peptide tethers the floury-2 zein to the endoplasmic reticulum membrane.
Subcellular localization and interactions of Infectious Salmon Anemia Virus (ISAV) M1 and NEP as well as host Hsc70.
Isolation and characterization of an arylalkylamine N-acetyltransferase from Drosophila melanogaster.
A single acetylation of 18 S rRNA is essential for biogenesis of the small ribosomal subunit in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Restricted expression and photic induction of a novel mouse regulatory factor X4 transcript in the suprachiasmatic nucleus.
Cell-surface expression of a new splice variant of the mouse signal peptide peptidase.
Plastid gene expression and plant development require a plastidic protein of the mitochondrial transcription termination factor family.
Cloning and structural organization of the gene encoding the mouse glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor, GDNF.
Multiprotein complexes that link dislocation, ubiquitination, and extraction of misfolded proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum membrane.
Complete sequence of human fast-type and slow-type muscle myosin-binding-protein C (MyBP-C). Differential expression, conserved domain structure and chromosome assignment.
The OLE1 gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae encodes the delta 9 fatty acid desaturase and can be functionally replaced by the rat stearoyl-CoA desaturase gene.
The CUP-SHAPED COTYLEDON1 gene of Arabidopsis regulates shoot apical meristem formation.
Molecular diversity in venom proteins of the Russell's viper (Daboia russellii russellii) and the Indian cobra (Naja naja) in Sri Lanka.
Retracted: Crystal structure of a Baeyer-Villiger flavin-containing monooxygenase from Staphylococcus aureus MRSA strain MU50.
Alternative splicing of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor GAR-3 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Alternative splicing modulates subcellular localization of laforin.
The Arabidopsis thaliana plasma membrane H(+)-ATPase multigene family. Genomic sequence and expression of a third isoform.
Mammalian acyl-CoA:lysophosphatidylcholine acyltransferase enzymes.
Rv0132c of Mycobacterium tuberculosis encodes a coenzyme F420-dependent hydroxymycolic acid dehydrogenase.
Zebrafish Ciliopathy Screen Plus Human Mutational Analysis Identifies C21orf59 and CCDC65 Defects as Causing Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
C-Terminal glycine-gated radical initiation by GTP 3',8-cyclase in the molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis.
Androgens differentially regulate the expression of NEDD4L transcripts in LNCaP human prostate cancer cells.
Α-arrestin 1 (ARRDC1) and β-arrestins cooperate to mediate Notch degradation in mammals.
NIPBL, encoding a homolog of fungal Scc2-type sister chromatid cohesion proteins and fly Nipped-B, is mutated in Cornelia de Lange syndrome.
A binding protein-dependent transport system in Streptococcus mutans responsible for multiple sugar metabolism.
Benzoyl-coenzyme A:glycine N-acyltransferase and phenylacetyl-coenzyme A:glycine N-acyltransferase from bovine liver mitochondria. Purification and characterization.
Nuclear translocation of extradenticle requires homothorax, which encodes an extradenticle-related homeodomain protein.
The hydroxymethyldihydropterin pyrophosphokinase domain of the multifunctional folic acid synthesis Fas protein of Pneumocystis carinii expressed as an independent enzyme in Escherichia coli: refolding and characterization of the recombinant enzyme.
Members of a Novel Kinase Family (DUF1537) Can Recycle Toxic Intermediates into an Essential Metabolite.
Specific maternal transcripts in bovine oocytes and cleavaged embryos: identification with novel DDRT-PCR methods.
Tissue-dependent expression of heat shock factor 2 isoforms with distinct transcriptional activities.
Crystal structure of the pyridoxal 5'-phosphate dependent L-methionine gamma-lyase from Pseudomonas putida.
Cloning and characterization of the mouse Mcoln1 gene reveals an alternatively spliced transcript not seen in humans.
The DNA virus white spot syndrome virus uses an internal ribosome entry site for translation of the highly expressed nonstructural protein ICP35.
Mechanistic insights into sulfur relay by multiple sulfur mediators involved in thiouridine biosynthesis at tRNA wobble positions.
Structural Basis for Negative Allosteric Modulation of GluN2A-Containing NMDA Receptors.
The structure of the yeast mitochondrial ribosome.
Intron retention as a posttranscriptional regulatory mechanism of neurotoxin expression at early life stages of the starlet anemone Nematostella vectensis.
AAA-ATPase FIDGETIN-LIKE 1 and Helicase FANCM Antagonize Meiotic Crossovers by Distinct Mechanisms.
Three new toxins from the scorpion Pandinus imperator selectively block certain voltage-gated K+ channels.
Identification and characterization of the genes for N-acetylglucosamine kinase and N-acetylglucosamine-phosphate deacetylase in the pathogenic fungus Candida albicans.
Expression and cellular localization of Atrab28 during arabidopsis embryogenesis.
A greatly extended PPARGC1A genomic locus encodes several new brain-specific isoforms and influences Huntington disease age of onset.
Isolation of an Arabidopsis thaliana cDNA by complementation of a yeast abc1 deletion mutant deficient in complex III respiratory activity.
Regulation of neuronal morphology by Toca-1, an F-BAR/EFC protein that induces plasma membrane invagination.
PAD1 and FDC1 are essential for the decarboxylation of phenylacrylic acids in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Analysis of a variant Max sequence expressed in Xenopus laevis.
Novel cDNA sequence possibly generated by alternative splicing of a mouse glucocorticoid receptor gene transcript from Shionogi carcinoma 115.
Two novel methyltransferases acting upon eukaryotic elongation factor 1A in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Lividins: novel antimicrobial peptide homologs from the skin secretion of the Chinese Large Odorous frog, Rana (Odorrana) livida. Identification by "shotgun" cDNA cloning and sequence analysis.
Evidence for an ergot alkaloid gene cluster in Claviceps purpurea.
Asprosin, a Fasting-Induced Glucogenic Protein Hormone.
Expression of a human growth hormone (hGH) receptor isoform is predicted by tissue-specific alternative splicing of exon 3 of the hGH receptor gene transcript.
Tissue-dependent isoforms of mammalian Fox-1 homologs are associated with tissue-specific splicing activities.
erg gene(s) expression during development of the nervous and muscular system of quail embryos.
Identification and characterization of a novel cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase gene (PDE9A) that maps to 21q22.3: alternative splicing of mRNA transcripts, genomic structure and sequence.
Structural basis of photosensitivity in a bacterial light-oxygen-voltage/helix-turn-helix (LOV-HTH) DNA-binding protein.
Escherichia coli contains a protein that is homologous in function and N-terminal sequence to the protein encoded by the nifS gene of Azotobacter vinelandii and that can participate in the synthesis of the Fe-S cluster of dihydroxy-acid dehydratase.
Glucose phosphorylation in tumor cells. Cloning, sequencing, and overexpression in active form of a full-length cDNA encoding a mitochondrial bindable form of hexokinase.
The Drosophila glucose transporter gene: cDNA sequence, phylogenetic comparisons, analysis of functional sites and secondary structures.
G protein-coupled receptor kinase GRK4. Molecular analysis of the four isoforms and ultrastructural localization in spermatozoa and germinal cells.
FHY1: a phytochrome A-specific signal transducer.
Metabolic Network for the Biosynthesis of Intra- and Extracellular α-Glucans Required for Virulence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Lachesana tarabaevi, an expert in membrane-active toxins.
MAX1 and MAX2 control shoot lateral branching in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a New Splice Variant of the Human ABCC6 Transporter.
The antiapoptotic gene Ian4l1 in the rat: genomic organization and promoter characterization.
I-POU: a POU-domain protein that inhibits neuron-specific gene activation.
Complementary DNA cloning of rat spetex-1, a spermatid-expressing gene-1, encoding a 63 kDa cytoplasmic protein of elongate spermatids.
Cloning and characterization of monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster from Monascus pilosus.
Potent action of RFamide-related peptide-3 on pituitary gonadotropes indicative of a hypophysiotropic role in the negative regulation of gonadotropin secretion.
Peroxisomal Delta(3),Delta(2)-enoyl CoA isomerases and evolution of cytosolic paralogues in embryophytes.
Xenopus Pax-2/5/8 orthologues: novel insights into Pax gene evolution and identification of Pax-8 as the earliest marker for otic and pronephric cell lineages.
Tesmin transcription is regulated differently during male and female meiosis.
Characterization of splice variants of the genes encoding human mitochondrial HMG-CoA lyase and HMG-CoA synthase, the main enzymes of the ketogenesis pathway.
Association of mutations in the NALP3/CIAS1/PYPAF1 gene with a broad phenotype including recurrent fever, cold sensitivity, sensorineural deafness, and AA amyloidosis.
Unusual structural characteristics and complete amino acid sequence of a protease inhibitor from Phaseolus acutifolius seeds.
The A-factor-binding protein of Streptomyces griseus negatively controls streptomycin production and sporulation.
HMf, a DNA-binding protein isolated from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Methanothermus fervidus, is most closely related to histones.
Developmental expression of XEEL, a novel molecule of the Xenopus oocyte cortical granule lectin family.
A human HAP1 homologue. Cloning, expression, and interaction with huntingtin.
PdbrlA, PdabaA and PdwetA control distinct stages of conidiogenesis in Penicillium digitatum.
Three Peptide Modulators of the Human Voltage-Gated Sodium Channel 1.7, an Important Analgesic Target, from the Venom of an Australian Tarantula.
Identification of genes required for embryo development in Arabidopsis.
A new family of lysozyme inhibitors contributing to lysozyme tolerance in gram-negative bacteria.
Structure and catalysis in the Escherichia coli hotdog-fold thioesterase paralogs YdiI and YbdB.
Molecular cloning and genetic analysis of a symbiosis-expressed gene cluster for lolitrem biosynthesis from a mutualistic endophyte of perennial ryegrass.
Role of cationic residues in cytolytic activity: modification of lysine residues in the cardiotoxin from Naja nigricollis venom and correlation between cytolytic and antiplatelet activity.
MtnK, methylthioribose kinase, is a starvation-induced protein in Bacillus subtilis.
Cloning, sequencing and expression of the mouse mammalian achaete-scute homolog 1 (MASH1).
Discovery of new enzymes and metabolic pathways by using structure and genome context.
MTERF3, the most conserved member of the mTERF-family, is a modular factor involved in mitochondrial protein synthesis.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a translational inhibitory protein that binds to coding sequences of human acid beta-glucosidase and other mRNAs.
Pseudopodium-enriched atypical kinase 1 regulates the cytoskeleton and cancer progression [corrected].
A cyclophilin-related protein involved in the function of natural killer cells.
Evolution of the prohormone convertases: identification of a homologue of PC6 in the protochordate amphioxus.
Identification of a sphingolipid α-glucuronosyltransferase that is essential for pollen function in Arabidopsis.
Molecular cloning and expression of the cDNA for alpha 3 subunit of human alpha 3 beta 1 (VLA-3), an integrin receptor for fibronectin, laminin, and collagen.
Genomic and proteomic analysis of phiEco32, a novel Escherichia coli bacteriophage.
Developmental expression of the 84-kDa ODF sperm protein: localization to both the cortex and medulla of outer dense fibers and to the connecting piece.
PAQR proteins: a novel membrane receptor family defined by an ancient 7-transmembrane pass motif.
Lethal paralysis of Caenorhabditis elegans by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
A missense mutation in the previously undescribed gene Tmhs underlies deafness in hurry-scurry (hscy) mice.
Biochemical characterization of an ATP-dependent DNA ligase from the hyperthermophilic crenarchaeon Sulfolobus shibatae.
C13orf31 (FAMIN) is a central regulator of immunometabolic function.
Association of AMPA receptors with a subset of glutamate receptor-interacting protein in vivo.
Functional contribution of Pds5 to cohesin-mediated cohesion in human cells and Xenopus egg extracts.
Ectopic dendrite initiation: CNS pathogenesis as a model of CNS development.
The immunoglobulin M heavy chain constant region gene of the channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus: an unusual mRNA splice pattern produces the membrane form of the molecule.
Structural and functional properties of membrane and secreted IgD.
A novel stress-induced EDEM variant regulating endoplasmic reticulum-associated glycoprotein degradation.
Molecular and functional characterization of protein 4.1B, a novel member of the protein 4.1 family with high level, focal expression in brain.
The Escherichia coli heat shock gene htpY: mutational analysis, cloning, sequencing, and transcriptional regulation.
Structure of mannosyl-3-phosphoglycerate phosphatase from Pyrococcus horikoshii.
Glycine cleavage enzyme complex: rabbit H-protein cDNA sequence analysis and comparison to human, cow, and chicken.
Human epithelial tumor antigen cDNA sequences. Differential splicing may generate multiple protein forms.
Isolation and characterisation of an unexpected class of insulinotropic peptides in the skin of the frog Agalychnis litodryas.
The C. elegans LAR-like receptor tyrosine phosphatase PTP-3 and the VAB-1 Eph receptor tyrosine kinase have partly redundant functions in morphogenesis.
Regio- and stereoselective oxidative phenol coupling in Aspergillus niger.
Purification, characterization, and cDNA cloning of alpha-N-acetylgalactosamine-specific lectin from starfish, Asterina pectinifera.
Primary structure of human fibronectin: differential splicing may generate at least 10 polypeptides from a single gene.
Molecular cloning, genomic organization and functional characterization of a new short-chain potassium channel toxin-like peptide BmTxKS4 from Buthus martensii Karsch(BmK).
Structure of the yeast mitochondrial large ribosomal subunit.
Cloning and characterization of developmental endothelial locus-1: an embryonic endothelial cell protein that binds the alphavbeta3 integrin receptor.
Specific activation of cdc25 tyrosine phosphatases by B-type cyclins: evidence for multiple roles of mitotic cyclins.
Mammalian AMP-activated protein kinase is homologous to yeast and plant protein kinases involved in the regulation of carbon metabolism.
Chorismate synthase from Staphylococcus aureus.
Three proteins mediate import of transit sequence-less precursors into the inner envelope of chloroplasts in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification of rare DNA variants in mitochondrial disorders with improved array-based sequencing.
Mechanistic studies on trans-2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoate dehydrogenase (Ent A) in the biosynthesis of the iron chelator enterobactin.
Characterization and comparative 3D modeling of CmPI-II, a novel 'non-classical' Kazal-type inhibitor from the marine snail Cenchritis muricatus (Mollusca).
Isolation of novel heart-specific genes using the BodyMap database.
The PGC-1-related protein PERC is a selective coactivator of estrogen receptor alpha.
Reduced cholesterol and triglycerides in mice with a mutation in Mia2, a liver protein that localizes to ER exit sites.
Identification of KIAA1018/FAN1, a DNA repair nuclease recruited to DNA damage by monoubiquitinated FANCD2.
Identification of the human KIF13A gene homologous to Drosophila kinesin-73 and candidate for schizophrenia.
XLMR protein related to neurite extension (Xpn/KIAA2022) regulates cell-cell and cell-matrix adhesion and migration.
NYAP: a phosphoprotein family that links PI3K to WAVE1 signalling in neurons.
Isolation of DNTNP, which encodes a potential nuclear protein that is expressed in the developing, dorsal neural tube.
Identification and characterization of cvHsp. A novel human small stress protein selectively expressed in cardiovascular and insulin-sensitive tissues.
The Drosophila erect wing gene, which is important for both neuronal and muscle development, encodes a protein which is similar to the sea urchin P3A2 DNA binding protein.
Genomic organization of the human GRIK2 gene and evidence for multiple splicing variants.
Biochemical characterization of the Micrurus pyrrhocryptus venom.
RIF-1, a novel nuclear receptor corepressor that associates with the nuclear matrix.
Isolation and chromosomal localization of cDNAs encoding a novel human lymphocyte cell surface molecule, LAM-1. Homology with the mouse lymphocyte homing receptor and other human adhesion proteins.
Goldfish ghrelin: molecular characterization of the complementary deoxyribonucleic acid, partial gene structure and evidence for its stimulatory role in food intake.
Arabidopsis MDA1, a nuclear-encoded protein, functions in chloroplast development and abiotic stress responses.
CD43 processing and nuclear translocation of CD43 cytoplasmic tail are required for cell homeostasis.
Expression of mRNAs encoding ARPP-16/19, ARPP-21, and DARPP-32 in human brain tissue.
Differential amplification of intron-containing transcripts reveals long term potentiation-associated up-regulation of specific Pde10A phosphodiesterase splice variants.
Ascalin, a new anti-fungal peptide with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 reverse transcriptase-inhibiting activity from shallot bulbs.
A novel protein kinase B (PKB)/AKT-binding protein enhances PKB kinase activity and regulates DNA synthesis.
NAB2, a corepressor of NGFI-A (Egr-1) and Krox20, is induced by proliferative and differentiative stimuli.
Insights into the mechanism of type I dehydroquinate dehydratases from structures of reaction intermediates.
LppX is a lipoprotein required for the translocation of phthiocerol dimycocerosates to the surface of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Prediction of the coding sequences of mouse homologues of KIAA gene: IV. The complete nucleotide sequences of 500 mouse KIAA-homologous cDNAs identified by screening of terminal sequences of cDNA clones randomly sampled from size-fractionated libraries.
Kunitz-type serine protease inhibitor from potato (Solanum tuberosum L. cv. Jopung).
The medium-/long-chain fatty acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (fadF) gene of Salmonella typhimurium is a phase 1 starvation-stress response (SSR) locus.
Molecular cloning and further characterization of rat peroxisomal trihydroxycoprostanoyl-CoA oxidase.
Isolation and structure of a third form of liver microsomal flavin monooxygenase.
Caenorhabditis elegans FOS-1 and JUN-1 regulate plc-1 expression in the spermatheca to control ovulation.
Tal, a Tsg101-specific E3 ubiquitin ligase, regulates receptor endocytosis and retrovirus budding.
The human gephyrin (GPHN) gene: structure, chromosome localization and expression in non-neuronal cells.
Identification and function of the pdxY gene, which encodes a novel pyridoxal kinase involved in the salvage pathway of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate biosynthesis in Escherichia coli K-12.
Nicotinamidase participates in the salvage pathway of NAD biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
<i>Drosophila</i> Fezf coordinates laminar-specific connectivity through cell-intrinsic and cell-extrinsic mechanisms.
Alpha-D-Mannosidase. Preparation and properties of free and insolubilized enzyme.
The furry gene of Drosophila is important for maintaining the integrity of cellular extensions during morphogenesis.
[Actinoporins from the Sea of Japan anemone Oulactis orientalis: isolation and partial characterization].
A new member of the Ig superfamily and a V-ATPase G subunit are among the predicted products of novel genes close to the TNF locus in the human MHC.
Structure-directed construction of a high-performance version of the enzyme FabG from the photosynthetic microorganism Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Mechanochemical removal of ribosome biogenesis factors from nascent 60S ribosomal subunits.
Developmental regulation of MCM replication factors in Xenopus laevis.
A Polycomb group protein complex with sequence-specific DNA-binding and selective methyl-lysine-binding activities.
Phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase: full-length pig blastocyst cDNA sequence and regulation by selenium status.
The association of the human PM/Scl-75 autoantigen with the exosome is dependent on a newly identified N terminus.
Central region component1, a novel synaptonemal complex component, is essential for meiotic recombination initiation in rice.
kappa-Hefutoxin1, a novel toxin from the scorpion Heterometrus fulvipes with unique structure and function. Importance of the functional diad in potassium channel selectivity.
Pregnancy associated increase in mRNA for soluble D-factor/LIF receptor in mouse liver.
The extremely halophilic archaeon Halobacterium salinarum R1 responds to potassium limitation by expression of the K+-transporting KdpFABC P-type ATPase and by a decrease in intracellular K+.
A monocarboxylate permease of Rhizobium leguminosarum is the first member of a new subfamily of transporters.
An essential receptor for adeno-associated virus infection.
Two enzymes together capable of cysteine biosynthesis are encoded on a cyanobacterial plasmid.
Genomic organization of the human mi-er1 gene and characterization of alternatively spliced isoforms: regulated use of a facultative intron determines subcellular localization.
Isolation, structural identification and biological characterization of two conopeptides from the Conus pennaceus venom.
A gene encoding a putative GTPase regulator is mutated in familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 2.
Identification of BCAP, a new protein associated with basal bodies and centrioles.
A Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome-wide mutant screen for altered sensitivity to K1 killer toxin.
First Behavioural Characterisation of a Knockout Mouse Model for the Transforming Growth Factor (TGF)-β Superfamily Cytokine, MIC-1/GDF15.
Characterization of the gene and promoter for RTI40, a differentiation marker of type I alveolar epithelial cells.
Humoral detection of leukaemia-associated antigens in presentation acute myeloid leukaemia.
Conserved and novel functions for Arabidopsis thaliana MIA40 in assembly of proteins in mitochondria and peroxisomes.
Phosphoribosyl Diphosphate (PRPP): Biosynthesis, Enzymology, Utilization, and Metabolic Significance.
Kelch Repeat and BTB Domain Containing Protein 5 (Kbtbd5) Regulates Skeletal Muscle Myogenesis through the E2F1-DP1 Complex.
ADS1 encodes a MATE-transporter that negatively regulates plant disease resistance.
Fhit proteins can also recognize substrates other than dinucleoside polyphosphates.
Nalidixic acid resistance: a second genetic character involved in DNA gyrase activity.
Gene structure and evolution of Tieg3, a new member of the Tieg family of proteins.
Antimicrobial peptides with therapeutic potential from skin secretions of the Marsabit clawed frog Xenopus borealis (Pipidae).
Molecular cloning of a novel alternatively spliced nuclear protein.
Muscarinic toxin-like proteins from cobra venom.
Human STAGA complex is a chromatin-acetylating transcription coactivator that interacts with pre-mRNA splicing and DNA damage-binding factors in vivo.
Complete primary structure of a newly characterized galactose-specific lectin from the seeds of Dolichos lablab.
Hsp70 chaperone dynamics and molecular mechanism.
Deletion of the carboxyl-terminal exons of K-sam/FGFR2 by short homology-mediated recombination, generating preferential expression of specific messenger RNAs.
Non-EST based prediction of exon skipping and intron retention events using Pfam information.
NMR structure and action on nicotinic acetylcholine receptors of water-soluble domain of human LYNX1.
The yvyD gene of Bacillus subtilis is under dual control of sigmaB and sigmaH.
Cloning and characterization of F-LANa, upregulated in human liver cancer.
AtNAC2, a transcription factor downstream of ethylene and auxin signaling pathways, is involved in salt stress response and lateral root development.
Electron microscopic analysis and structural characterization of novel NADP(H)-containing methanol: N,N'-dimethyl-4-nitrosoaniline oxidoreductases from the gram-positive methylotrophic bacteria Amycolatopsis methanolica and Mycobacterium gastri MB19.
The glucocorticoid receptor is associated with the RNA-binding nuclear matrix protein hnRNP U.
The adhesion-associated sca operon in Streptococcus gordonii encodes an inducible high-affinity ABC transporter for Mn2+ uptake.
Structure and expression of the Lactococcus lactis gene for phospho-beta-galactosidase (lacG) in Escherichia coli and L. lactis.
Kinetic Analysis of a Globin-Coupled Histidine Kinase, AfGcHK: Effects of the Heme Iron Complex, Response Regulator, and Metal Cations on Autophosphorylation Activity.
Molecular cloning and characterization of novel human JNK2 (MAPK9) transcript variants that show different stimulation activities on AP-1.
Characterization of an Agrobacterium tumefaciens D-psicose 3-epimerase that converts D-fructose to D-psicose.
The probiotic Lactobacillus johnsonii NCC 533 produces high-molecular-mass inulin from sucrose by using an inulosucrase enzyme.
Expression of collapsin response mediator proteins in the nervous system of embryonic zebrafish.
Identification of an alternative splicing transcript for the resistin gene and distribution of its mRNA in human tissue.
Novel and conserved protein macoilin is required for diverse neuronal functions in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Ocellatin peptides from the skin secretion of the South American frog <i>Leptodactylus labyrinthicus</i> (Leptodactylidae): characterization, antimicrobial activities and membrane interactions.
Complete coding sequence of bovine aggrecan: comparative structural analysis.
AtMGT7: An Arabidopsis gene encoding a low-affinity magnesium transporter.
Chromatographic separation of the venom of Egyptian black snake (Walterinnesia aegyptia) and pharmacological characterization of its components.
Identification of a human LNX protein containing multiple PDZ domains.
Novel Conopeptides of Largely Unexplored Indo Pacific Conus sp.
Processive endoglucanase active in crystalline cellulose hydrolysis by the brown rot basidiomycete Gloeophyllum trabeum.
Porcine P2 myelin protein primary structure and bound fatty acids determined by mass spectrometry.
Myosin-XVa is required for tip localization of whirlin and differential elongation of hair-cell stereocilia.
A novel protein derived from the MUC1 gene by alternative splicing and frameshifting.
TTC26/DYF13 is an intraflagellar transport protein required for transport of motility-related proteins into flagella.
ILR2, a novel gene regulating IAA conjugate sensitivity and metal transport in Arabidopsis thaliana.
H2A.Bbd: an X-chromosome-encoded histone involved in mammalian spermiogenesis.
Identification of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma related genes by comparison with normal liver tissues using expressed sequence tags.
Lutein accumulation in the absence of zeaxanthin restores nonphotochemical quenching in the Arabidopsis thaliana npq1 mutant.
Dual targeting of spinach protoporphyrinogen oxidase II to mitochondria and chloroplasts by alternative use of two in-frame initiation codons.
Soluble interleukin-6 receptors released from T cell or granulocyte/macrophage cell lines and human peripheral blood mononuclear cells are generated through an alternative splicing mechanism.
Flavodoxin 1 of Azotobacter vinelandii: characterization and role in electron donation to purified assimilatory nitrate reductase.
Three novel MYB proteins with one DNA binding repeat mediate sugar and hormone regulation of alpha-amylase gene expression.
The VELVET Complex in the Gray Mold Fungus Botrytis cinerea: Impact of BcLAE1 on Differentiation, Secondary Metabolism, and Virulence.
The Arabidopsis FtsH metalloprotease gene family: interchangeability of subunits in chloroplast oligomeric complexes.
Molecular cloning of a human cDNA IGSF3 encoding an immunoglobulin-like membrane protein: expression and mapping to chromosome band 1p13.
Crystal structure of a putative phosphinothricin acetyltransferase (PA4866) from Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAC1.
Emerging new roles of GM130, a cis-Golgi matrix protein, in higher order cell functions.
Structural basis for the specific recognition of IL-18 by its alpha receptor.
ORS1, an H₂O₂-responsive NAC transcription factor, controls senescence in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Two cDNAs encoding novel human FGF receptor.
A novel exon within the mdm2 gene modulates translation initiation in vitro and disrupts the p53-binding domain of mdm2 protein.
The global regulator LaeA controls penicillin biosynthesis, pigmentation and sporulation, but not roquefortine C synthesis in Penicillium chrysogenum.
A collection of Ds insertional mutants associated with defects in male gametophyte development and function in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Nomenclature for members of the expansin superfamily of genes and proteins.
The nuclease FAN1 is involved in DNA crosslink repair in Arabidopsis thaliana independently of the nuclease MUS81.
Identification of a specialized adenylyl cyclase that may mediate odorant detection.
NK1, a natural splice variant of hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor, is a partial agonist in vivo.
Relationship between the Subunits of Leucoplast Pyruvate Kinase from Ricinus communis and a Comparison with the Enzyme from Other Sources.
Dynamic diversification from a putative common ancestor of scorpion toxins affecting sodium, potassium, and chloride channels.
The transcriptional activator NrpA is crucial for inducing nitrogen fixation in Methanosarcina mazei Gö1 under nitrogen-limited conditions.
Expression of mRNAs in human thymus coding for the alpha 3 subunit of a neuronal acetylcholine receptor.
Structures of bacterial kynurenine formamidase reveal a crowded binuclear zinc catalytic site primed to generate a potent nucleophile.
Identification and Characterization of a Trypsin Inhibitor from Fagopyrum tataricum Seeds.
Inhibitory and stimulatory G proteins of adenylate cyclase: cDNA and amino acid sequences of the alpha chains.
The 60S associated ribosome biogenesis factor LSG1-2 is required for 40S maturation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Protection against photooxidative injury of tobacco leaves by 2-alkenal reductase. Detoxication of lipid peroxide-derived reactive carbonyls.
Phosphatidylcholine synthesis is required for optimal function of Legionella pneumophila virulence determinants.
The rice OsLpa1 gene encodes a novel protein involved in phytic acid metabolism.
A chloroplast FKBP interacts with and affects the accumulation of Rieske subunit of cytochrome bf complex.
Neuropathy target esterase and a homologous Drosophila neurodegeneration-associated mutant protein contain a novel domain conserved from bacteria to man.
Cloning of two transcripts, HKT4.1a and HKT4.1b, from the human two-pore K+ channel gene KCNK4. Chromosomal localization, tissue distribution and functional expression.
Isolation and cDNA cloning of type 2 sodium channel peptide toxins from three species of sea anemones (Cryptodendrum adhaesivum, Heterodactyla hemprichii and Thalassianthus aster) belonging to the family Thalassianthidae.
Cloning and expression of a novel isoform of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein-R.
Structural gene for the alkaline extracellular protease of Saccharomycopsis lipolytica.
A new human gene KCNRG encoding potassium channel regulating protein is a cancer suppressor gene candidate located in 13q14.3.
Rhodococcus rhodochrous DSM 43269 3-ketosteroid 9alpha-hydroxylase, a two-component iron-sulfur-containing monooxygenase with subtle steroid substrate specificity.
Identification of a novel two-peptide lantibiotic, lichenicidin, following rational genome mining for LanM proteins.
Identification and differential expression of a novel alternative splice isoform of the beta A4 amyloid precursor protein (APP) mRNA in leukocytes and brain microglial cells.
Functional and structural insights into ASB2alpha, a novel regulator of integrin-dependent adhesion of hematopoietic cells.
[Novel splicing isoform of actin-binding protein alpha-actinin 4 in epidermoid carcinoma cells A431].
Unwrapping glial biology: Gcm target genes regulating glial development, diversification, and function.
GATA-6 DNA binding protein expressed in human gastric adenocarcinoma MKN45 cells.
Mouse RAD50 has limited epitopic homology to p53 and is expressed in the adult myocardium.
The Escherichia coli efg gene and the Rhodobacter capsulatus adgA gene code for NH3-dependent NAD synthetase.
Molecular cloning of mouse ERK5/BMK1 splice variants and characterization of ERK5 functional domains.
Cyclophilin-40, a protein with homology to the P59 component of the steroid receptor complex. Cloning of the cDNA and further characterization.
Progesterone: its occurrence in plants and involvement in plant growth.
The hangover gene defines a stress pathway required for ethanol tolerance development.
Myosin-I isozymes in neonatal rodent auditory and vestibular epithelia.
Defining the cytosolic pathway of glutathione degradation in Arabidopsis thaliana: role of the ChaC/GCG family of γ-glutamyl cyclotransferases as glutathione-degrading enzymes and AtLAP1 as the Cys-Gly peptidase.
Arabidopsis MYB-Related HHO2 Exerts a Regulatory Influence on a Subset of Root Traits and Genes Governing Phosphate Homeostasis.
A polyketide synthase gene required for biosynthesis of the aflatoxin-like toxin, dothistromin.
The ubiquitous distribution of late embryogenesis abundant proteins across cell compartments in Arabidopsis offers tailored protection against abiotic stress.
Revised genomic structure of the human ghrelin gene and identification of novel exons, alternative splice variants and natural antisense transcripts.
MicroProtein-Mediated Recruitment of CONSTANS into a TOPLESS Trimeric Complex Represses Flowering in Arabidopsis.
Bacteriophage genes that inactivate the CRISPR/Cas bacterial immune system.
Kinesin-related proteins with a mitochondrial targeting signal.
A 250-nucleotide UA-rich element in the 3' untranslated region of Xenopus laevis Vg1 mRNA represses translation both in vivo and in vitro.
MEF2C, a MADS/MEF2-family transcription factor expressed in a laminar distribution in cerebral cortex.
Matrilin-4, a new member of the matrilin family of extracellular matrix proteins.
Sequences of the malE gene and of its product, the maltose-binding protein of Escherichia coli K12.
The human CAN protein, a putative oncogene product associated with myeloid leukemogenesis, is a nuclear pore complex protein that faces the cytoplasm.
Non-cytotoxic cobra cardiotoxin A5 binds to alpha(v)beta3 integrin and inhibits bone resorption. Identification of cardiotoxins as non-RGD integrin-binding proteins of the Ly-6 family.
Purification and cloning of PZR, a binding protein and putative physiological substrate of tyrosine phosphatase SHP-2.
Proliferation of both somatic and germ cells is affected in the Drosophila mutants of raf proto-oncogene.
Large-scale concatenation cDNA sequencing.
Complete cloning and sequencing of rat gp330/"megalin," a distinctive member of the low density lipoprotein receptor gene family.
Inhibitory PAS domain protein is a negative regulator of hypoxia-inducible gene expression.
Genomic and structural characterization of Kunitz-type peptide LmKTT-1a highlights diversity and evolution of scorpion potassium channel toxins.
Genome organization of more than 300 defensin-like genes in Arabidopsis.
Apidaecin multipeptide precursor structure: a putative mechanism for amplification of the insect antibacterial response.
The 55 kd regulatory subunit of Drosophila protein phosphatase 2A is required for anaphase.
BCAP is a centriolar satellite protein and inhibitor of ciliogenesis.
A genome annotation-driven approach to cloning the human ORFeome.
Purification and characterization of two hemolysins from Stichodactyla helianthus.
An alternative cytoplasmic domain of the integrin beta 3 subunit.
Huntingtin-associated protein 1 (HAP1) binds to a Trio-like polypeptide, with a rac1 guanine nucleotide exchange factor domain.
Casein kinase I alpha and alpha L: alternative splicing-generated kinases exhibit different catalytic properties.
Identification of AcnR, a TetR-type repressor of the aconitase gene acn in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Multidrug-resistant transport proteins in yeast: complete inventory and phylogenetic characterization of yeast open reading frames with the major facilitator superfamily.
Human MCRS2, a cell-cycle-dependent protein, associates with LPTS/PinX1 and reduces the telomere length.
Structure and function of immunoglobulins.
The serologically defined colon cancer antigen-3 interacts with the protein tyrosine phosphatase PTPN13 and is involved in the regulation of cytokinesis.
Enzymatic degradation of lignin-carbohydrate complexes (LCCs): model studies using a fungal glucuronoyl esterase from Cerrena unicolor.
Genomic organisation of the human MDM2 oncogene and relationship to its alternatively spliced mRNAs.
Programmed Cell Death in the Leaves of the Arabidopsis Spontaneous Necrotic Spots (sns-D) Mutant Correlates with Increased Expression of the Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor eIF4B2.
MlrA, a novel regulator of curli (AgF) and extracellular matrix synthesis by Escherichia coli and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium.
Two conserved regulatory cytoplasmic poly(A) polymerases, GLD-4 and GLD-2, regulate meiotic progression in C. elegans.
A novel testis-specific metallothionein-like protein, tesmin, is an early marker of male germ cell differentiation.
Full-length cDNA sequence and genomic organization of human NKX3A - alternative forms and regulation by both androgens and estrogens.
MORC4, a novel member of the MORC family, is highly expressed in a subset of diffuse large B-cell lymphomas.
OsEIL1, a rice homolog of the Arabidopsis EIN3 regulates the ethylene response as a positive component.
Major outer membrane proteins in moderately halophilic eubacteria of genera Chromohalobacter and Halomonas.
Identification and characterization of a gibberellin-regulated protein, which is ASR5, in the basal region of rice leaf sheaths.
Nuclear receptor coactivator ACTR is a novel histone acetyltransferase and forms a multimeric activation complex with P/CAF and CBP/p300.
Characterization of a mouse gene (Fbxw6) that encodes a homologue of Caenorhabditis elegans SEL-10.
Fc epsilon RI gamma-ITAM is differentially required for mast cell function in vivo.
Involvement of a natural fusion of a cytochrome P450 and a hydrolase in mycophenolic acid biosynthesis.
Identification of FAM173B as a protein methyltransferase promoting chronic pain.
A new member of the Eph family of receptors that lacks protein tyrosine kinase activity.
The human homologue (PEG3) of the mouse paternally expressed gene 3 (Peg3) is maternally imprinted but not mutated in women with familial recurrent hydatidiform molar pregnancies.
Purification and crystallization of the hydroxylase component of the methanesulfonate monooxygenase from Methylosulfonomonas methylovora strain M2.
A light-repressed transcript found in Synechococcus PCC 7002 is similar to a chloroplast-specific small subunit ribosomal protein and to a transcription modulator protein associated with sigma 54.
Arabidopsis thaliana expresses multiple Golgi-localised nucleotide-sugar transporters related to GONST1.
Characterization of Ngef, a novel member of the Dbl family of genes expressed predominantly in the caudate nucleus.
Identification of a new EGF-repeat-containing gene from human Xp22: a candidate for developmental disorders.
Preliminary X-ray analysis of crystals of fasciculin 1, a potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitor from green mamba venom.
The complete cDNA sequence of laminin alpha 4 and its relationship to the other human laminin alpha chains.
First steps from a two-dimensional protein index towards a response-regulation map for Bacillus subtilis.
Selenoprotein R is a zinc-containing stereo-specific methionine sulfoxide reductase.
Toddler: an embryonic signal that promotes cell movement via Apelin receptors.
Excision of a P4-like cryptic prophage leads to Alp protease expression in Escherichia coli.
Isolation and characterization of Solenopsis invicta virus 3, a new positive-strand RNA virus infecting the red imported fire ant, Solenopsis invicta.
Disruption of both chloroplastic and cytosolic FBPase genes results in a dwarf phenotype and important starch and metabolite changes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Isolation of proteins that interact specifically with the retinoid X receptor: two novel orphan receptors.
Nisin, a peptide antibiotic: cloning and sequencing of the nisA gene and posttranslational processing of its peptide product.
Elimination of replication block protein Fob1 extends the life span of yeast mother cells.
The developmental regulation of a novel muscle LIM-protein.
Update on transparent testa mutants from Arabidopsis thaliana: characterisation of new alleles from an isogenic collection.
ORF18-disrupted mutant of Comamonas testosteroni TA441 accumulates significant amounts of 9,17-dioxo-1,2,3,4,10,19-hexanorandrostan-5-oic acid and its derivatives after incubation with steroids.
Expression of different members of the Ly-49 gene family defines distinct natural killer cell subsets and cell adhesion properties.
Identification of the mokH gene encoding transcription factor for the upregulation of monacolin K biosynthesis in Monascus pilosus.
The Arabidopsis thaliana apurinic endonuclease Arp reduces human transcription factors Fos and Jun.
Characterization of Mycobacterium tuberculosis nicotinamidase/pyrazinamidase.
KNDC1 knockdown protects human umbilical vein endothelial cells from senescence.
SP22: a novel fertility protein from a highly conserved gene family.
Structure of the gene encoding the human leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 (TQ1, Leu-8) of lymphocytes and neutrophils.
MRNIP/C5orf45 Interacts with the MRN Complex and Contributes to the DNA Damage Response.
The purification and characterization of phosphonopyruvate hydrolase, a novel carbon-phosphorus bond cleavage enzyme from Variovorax sp Pal2.
Elucidation of the complete ferrichrome A biosynthetic pathway in Ustilago maydis.
Vertebrate GLD2 poly(A) polymerases in the germline and the brain.
Regulation of brassinosteroid signaling by a GSK3/SHAGGY-like kinase.
The armadillo repeat region targets ARVCF to cadherin-based cellular junctions.
PfMyb1, a Plasmodium falciparum transcription factor, is required for intra-erythrocytic growth and controls key genes for cell cycle regulation.
Fluorescein isothiocyanate-labeled alpha-cobratoxin. Biochemical characterization and interaction with acetylcholine receptor from Electrophorus electricus.
Identification, cloning and tissue localization of a rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) intelectin-like protein that binds bacteria and chitin.
A plant-specific HUA2-LIKE (HULK) gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana is essential for development.
M. tuberculosis sliding β-clamp does not interact directly with the NAD+-dependent DNA ligase.
Towards functional characterisation of the members of the R2R3-MYB gene family from Arabidopsis thaliana.
The lysine gingipain adhesin domains from Porphyromonas gingivalis interact with erythrocytes and albumin: Structures correlate to function.
NMDA receptors mediate olfactory learning and memory in Drosophila.
Characterization of a 1200-kb genomic segment of chromosome 3p22-p21.3.
Two nitrate/nitrite transporters are encoded within the mobilizable plasmid for nitrate respiration of Thermus thermophilus HB8.
Pneumocandin biosynthesis: involvement of a trans-selective proline hydroxylase.
Structural Analysis Reveals Features of Ribosome Assembly Factor Nsa1/WDR74 Important for Localization and Interaction with Rix7/NVL2.
Identification and characterization of a unique chondrocyte gene involved in transition to hypertrophy.
Two new members of the emerging KDWK family of combinatorial transcription modulators bind as a heterodimer to flexibly spaced PuCGPy half-sites.
Neuroblastoma oligo-capping cDNA project: toward the understanding of the genesis and biology of neuroblastoma.
Structural basis of the induced-fit mechanism of 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoyl coenzyme A synthase from the crotonase fold superfamily.
The nonstructural protein 2C of a Picorna-like virus displays nucleic acid helix destabilizing activity that can be functionally separated from its ATPase activity.
ITN1, a novel gene encoding an ankyrin-repeat protein that affects the ABA-mediated production of reactive oxygen species and is involved in salt-stress tolerance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification of CCK-B/gastrin receptor splice variants in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
The Tabby phenotype is caused by mutation in a mouse homologue of the EDA gene that reveals novel mouse and human exons and encodes a protein (ectodysplasin-A) with collagenous domains.
Interleukin-32: a cytokine and inducer of TNFalpha.
Purification and properties of extracellular lipase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa EF2.
The p400 complex is an essential E1A transformation target.
Cloning and sequence analysis of additional splice variants encoding human N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (hNR1) subunits.
GIANT CHLOROPLAST 1 is essential for correct plastid division in Arabidopsis.
Glutamate receptors of Drosophila melanogaster. Primary structure of a putative NMDA receptor protein expressed in the head of the adult fly.
T lymphocyte activation gene identification by coregulated expression on DNA microarrays.
Purification and characterization of purine nucleoside phosphorylase and pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase from Bacillus stearothermophilus TH 6-2.
Mutational spectrum of the EPM2A gene in progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Lafora: high degree of allelic heterogeneity and prevalence of deletions.
Functional analysis of a multicopy host-selective ACT-toxin biosynthesis gene in the tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata using RNA silencing.
Biosynthesis of helvolic acid and identification of an unusual C-4-demethylation process distinct from sterol biosynthesis.
PIST: a novel PDZ/coiled-coil domain binding partner for the rho-family GTPase TC10.
Molecular cloning of a cDNA for the glutamate transporter of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cloning of R kappa B, a novel DNA-binding protein that recognizes the interleukin-2 receptor alpha chain kappa B site.
Comparative analysis of JmjC domain-containing proteins reveals the potential histone demethylases in Arabidopsis and rice.
Analysis of flagellin perception mediated by flg22 receptor OsFLS2 in rice.
AFLMP1 encodes an antigenic cel wall protein in Aspergillus flavus.
In pre-sterol carrier protein 2 (SCP2) in solution the leader peptide 1-20 is flexibly disordered, and residues 21-143 adopt the same globular fold as in mature SCP2.
Vertebrate Acyl CoA synthetase family member 4 (ACSF4-U26) is a β-alanine-activating enzyme homologous to bacterial non-ribosomal peptide synthetase.
Nucleotide sequences of two embryonic drebrins, developmentally regulated brain proteins, and developmental change in their mRNAs.
MAFA-L, an ITIM-containing receptor encoded by the human NK cell gene complex and expressed by basophils and NK cells.
Characterization of the BolA homolog IbaG: a new gene involved in acid resistance.
FACL4, a new gene encoding long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 4, is deleted in a family with Alport syndrome, elliptocytosis, and mental retardation.
AQP3 deficiency in humans and the molecular basis of a novel blood group system, GIL.
The identification of candidate genes for a reverse genetic analysis of development and function in the Arabidopsis gynoecium.
The Arabidopsis CDPK-SnRK superfamily of protein kinases.
Crystal structure of class I acetohydroxy acid isomeroreductase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Two different subunits of importin cooperate to recognize nuclear localization signals and bind them to the nuclear envelope.
The SPL1 tRNA splicing gene of Candida maltosa and Candida albicans.
Two proteases defining a melanization cascade in the immune system of Drosophila.
Spatial distribution of mDLG6 mRNA in embryonic and adult mouse brain.
A Caenorhabditis elegans developmental decision requires insulin signaling-mediated neuron-intestine communication.
Identification and functional characterization of a novel human misshapen/Nck interacting kinase-related kinase, hMINK beta.
Cloning and expression of a novel, truncated, progesterone receptor.
Gene identification in 1.6-Mb region of the Down syndrome region on chromosome 21.
Human E2F6 is alternatively spliced to generate multiple protein isoforms.
Glycopeptide antibiotic biosynthesis: enzymatic assembly of the dedicated amino acid monomer (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine.
A nitrate-inducible GARP family gene encodes an auto-repressible transcriptional repressor in rice.
Nuclear LIM interactor, a rhombotin and LIM homeodomain interacting protein, is expressed early in neuronal development.
XLS (c9orf142) is a new component of mammalian DNA double-stranded break repair.
A genomic map of a 6-Mb region at 13q21-q22 implicated in cancer development: identification and characterization of candidate genes.
A nitrogen-regulated glutamine amidotransferase (GAT1_2.1) represses shoot branching in Arabidopsis.
Control of rice grain-filling and yield by a gene with a potential signature of domestication.
Distribution of Porphyromonas gingivalis biotypes defined by alleles of the kgp (Lys-gingipain) gene.
Molecular cytogenetic analysis of the breakpoint region at 6q21-22 in T-cell lymphoma/leukemia cell lines.
McpQ is a specific citrate chemoreceptor that responds preferentially to citrate/metal ion complexes.
The Flag-2 locus, an ancestral gene cluster, is potentially associated with a novel flagellar system from Escherichia coli.
Seedling Lethal1, a pentatricopeptide repeat protein lacking an E/E+ or DYW domain in Arabidopsis, is involved in plastid gene expression and early chloroplast development.
Mutational analysis of a feruloyl esterase from Aspergillus awamori involved in substrate discrimination and pH dependence.
Identification and characterization of cytokinin-signalling gene families in rice.
C-TAK1 protein kinase phosphorylates human Cdc25C on serine 216 and promotes 14-3-3 protein binding.
Cloning and expression of an immunoglobulin superfamily gene (IGSF1) in Xq25.
A mouse single-copy gene, Gtf2i, the homolog of human GTF2I, that is duplicated in the Williams-Beuren syndrome deletion region.
Regulation of intracellular calcium by a signalling complex of IRAG, IP3 receptor and cGMP kinase Ibeta.
Ergot cluster-encoded catalase is required for synthesis of chanoclavine-I in Aspergillus fumigatus.
A subgroup of MYB transcription factor genes undergoes highly conserved alternative splicing in Arabidopsis and rice.
A female-biased expressed elongase involved in long-chain hydrocarbon biosynthesis and courtship behavior in Drosophila melanogaster.
Diversity and evolution of conotoxins in Conus virgo, Conus eburneus, Conus imperialis and Conus marmoreus from the South China Sea.
Control of root hair development in Arabidopsis thaliana by an endoplasmic reticulum anchored member of the R2R3-MYB transcription factor family.
Transcriptome analysis of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase A-regulated genes reveals the production of the novel natural compound fumipyrrole by Aspergillus fumigatus.
The activator-recruited cofactor/Mediator coactivator subunit ARC92 is a functionally important target of the VP16 transcriptional activator.
Activity, stability and structural studies of lactate dehydrogenases adapted to extreme thermal environments.
Regulation of MBK-2/Dyrk kinase by dynamic cortical anchoring during the oocyte-to-zygote transition.
Formation and working mechanism of the picornavirus VPg uridylylation complex.
Isolation and functional analysis of a keratinocyte-derived, ligand-regulated nuclear receptor comodulator.
Novel espin actin-bundling proteins are localized to Purkinje cell dendritic spines and bind the Src homology 3 adapter protein insulin receptor substrate p53.
A bradykinin-potentiating peptide (peptide K12) isolated from the venom of Egyptian scorpion Buthus occitanus.
MCUR1 is an essential component of mitochondrial Ca2+ uptake that regulates cellular metabolism.
Analysis of the seven-member AAD gene set demonstrates that genetic redundancy in yeast may be more apparent than real.
A plant-specific protein essential for blue-light-induced chloroplast movements.
TANMEI/EMB2757 encodes a WD repeat protein required for embryo development in Arabidopsis.
The structure of MbtI from Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the first enzyme in the biosynthesis of the siderophore mycobactin, reveals it to be a salicylate synthase.
Ligand-bound structures provide atomic snapshots for the catalytic mechanism of D-amino acid deacylase.
Identification of the CD45-associated 116-kDa and 80-kDa proteins as the alpha- and beta-subunits of alpha-glucosidase II.
Novel lipid droplet-associated serine hydrolase regulates macrophage cholesterol mobilization.
Molecular cloning and characterization of CLICK-III/CaMKIgamma, a novel membrane-anchored neuronal Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaMK).
A novel type of myosin implicated in signalling by rho family GTPases.
Isolation and characterization of recoverin-like Ca(2+)-binding protein from rat brain.
Formation of Bowman-Birk inhibitors during the germination of horsegram (Dolichos biflorus).
Increased longevity of some C. elegans mitochondrial mutants explained by activation of an alternative energy-producing pathway.
iciA, an Escherichia coli gene encoding a specific inhibitor of chromosomal initiation of replication in vitro.
Abscisic acid-dependent and -independent regulation of gene expression by progressive drought in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Amino acid sequence of myoglobin from emu (Dromaius novaehollandiae) skeletal muscle.
Sequence analysis of the complete Caenorhabditis elegans myosin heavy chain gene family.
Overexpression of Larp4B downregulates dMyc and reduces cell and organ sizes in Drosophila.
Expression of the novel gene Ened during mouse and Xenopus embryonic development.
Arylsulfatase D gene in Xp22.3 encodes two protein isoforms.
A comparative analysis of the Arabidopsis mutant amp1-1 and a novel weak amp1 allele reveals new functions of the AMP1 protein.
Expression cloning of a human IL-12 receptor component. A new member of the cytokine receptor superfamily with strong homology to gp130.
Expression cDNA cloning of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptor in mouse breast cancer cells: a variant form in FGF-responsive transformed cells.
Three-Component O-Demethylase System Essential for Catabolism of a Lignin-Derived Biphenyl Compound in Sphingobium sp. Strain SYK-6.
Akt/PKB regulates actin organization and cell motility via Girdin/APE.
Structure of an aromatic-ring-hydroxylating dioxygenase-naphthalene 1,2-dioxygenase.
Effect of cysteine desulfhydrase gene disruption on L-cysteine overproduction in Escherichia coli.
Screening and identification of a gene, PSE-1, that affects protein secretion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Molecular analysis of de novo pyrimidine synthesis in solanaceous species.
AbiQ, an abortive infection mechanism from Lactococcus lactis.
Candidalysin is a fungal peptide toxin critical for mucosal infection.
Molecular cloning of a novel lipocalin-1 interacting human cell membrane receptor using phage display.
Slow co-evolution of the MAGO and Y14 protein families is required for the maintenance of their obligate heterodimerization mode.
Transcription factor PROX1: its role in development and cancer.
Expression patterns of two tobacco isoflavone reductase-like genes and their possible roles in secondary metabolism in tobacco.
Conserved Kv4 N-terminal domain critical for effects of Kv channel-interacting protein 2.2 on channel expression and gating.
Identification of a novel neural cell adhesion molecule-related gene with a potential role in selective axonal projection.
MPB2C, a microtubule-associated plant protein binds to and interferes with cell-to-cell transport of tobacco mosaic virus movement protein.
Identification and characterization of galectin-9, a novel beta-galactoside-binding mammalian lectin.
Transcription switches for protoxylem and metaxylem vessel formation.
Substrates Control Multimerization and Activation of the Multi-Domain ATPase Motor of Type VII Secretion.
Deregulated expression of KRAP, a novel gene encoding actin-interacting protein, in human colon cancer cells.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe och1(+) encodes alpha-1,6-mannosyltransferase that is involved in outer chain elongation of N-linked oligosaccharides.
A highly conserved proapoptotic gene, IKIP, located next to the APAF1 gene locus, is regulated by p53.
Characterization of the human prolyl 4-hydroxylases that modify the hypoxia-inducible factor.
Developmental regulation of homeobox gene expression in dorsal root ganglion neurons is not recapitulated during regeneration of the crushed sciatic nerve.
Purification and characterization of the recombinant Na(+)-translocating NADH:quinone oxidoreductase from Vibrio cholerae.
The FEZ1 gene at chromosome 8p22 encodes a leucine-zipper protein, and its expression is altered in multiple human tumors.
The dihydroceramide desaturase is not essential for cell viability in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Identification of a unique transcript down-regulated in the retina of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) at smoltification.
Isolation and characterization of two types of cDNA for mitochondrial adenylate kinase and their expression in Escherichia coli.
RLE-1, an E3 ubiquitin ligase, regulates C. elegans aging by catalyzing DAF-16 polyubiquitination.
Human Rif1, ortholog of a yeast telomeric protein, is regulated by ATM and 53BP1 and functions in the S-phase checkpoint.
Phosphotransferase-mediated transport of the osmolyte 2-O-alpha-mannosyl-D-glycerate in Escherichia coli occurs by the product of the mngA (hrsA) gene and is regulated by the mngR (farR) gene product acting as repressor.
Over-expression of a LEA gene in rice improves drought resistance under the field conditions.
Primary structure of human nuclear ribonucleoprotein particle C proteins: conservation of sequence and domain structures in heterogeneous nuclear RNA, mRNA, and pre-rRNA-binding proteins.
REP1, a basic helix-loop-helix protein, is required for a branch pathway of phytochrome A signaling in arabidopsis.
SAG/ROC2/Rbx2/Hrt2, a component of SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase: genomic structure, a splicing variant, and two family pseudogenes.
Distinctly different gene structure of KLK4/KLK-L1/prostase/ARM1 compared with other members of the kallikrein family: intracellular localization, alternative cDNA forms, and Regulation by multiple hormones.
Differential phosphorylation paradigms dictate desensitization and internalization of the N-formyl peptide receptor.
Characterisation of complex formation between members of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex CFP-10/ESAT-6 protein family: towards an understanding of the rules governing complex formation and thereby functional flexibility.
Identification of human proteins functionally conserved with the yeast putative adaptors ADA2 and GCN5.
Alternate RNA splicing of murine nfkb1 generates a nuclear isoform of the p50 precursor NF-kappa B1 that can function as a transactivator of NF-kappa B-regulated transcription.
Genome-wide analysis of Rad52 foci reveals diverse mechanisms impacting recombination.
Recombinant expression and purification of the 2,5-diketocamphane 1,2-monooxygenase from the camphor metabolizing Pseudomonas putida strain NCIMB 10007.
Isolation of a cDNA encoding a Kex2-like endoprotease with homology to furin from the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
ErbB2 receptor controls microtubule capture by recruiting ACF7 to the plasma membrane of migrating cells.
Folate biosynthesis in higher plants: purification and molecular cloning of a bifunctional 6-hydroxymethyl-7,8-dihydropterin pyrophosphokinase/7,8-dihydropteroate synthase localized in mitochondria.
Two novel members of the ABLIM protein family, ABLIM-2 and -3, associate with STARS and directly bind F-actin.
Cloning of an avermectin-sensitive glutamate-gated chloride channel from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Domain organization of DNase from Thioalkalivibrio sp. provides insights into retention of activity in high salt environments.
Formin-like 1 (FMNL1) is regulated by N-terminal myristoylation and induces polarized membrane blebbing.
IDO1 and IDO2 are expressed in human tumors: levo- but not dextro-1-methyl tryptophan inhibits tryptophan catabolism.
Protostadienol synthase from Aspergillus fumigatus: functional conversion into lanosterol synthase.
Regulation of the Caenorhabditis elegans oxidative stress defense protein SKN-1 by glycogen synthase kinase-3.
A novel kinesin-like protein, KIF1Bbeta3 is involved in the movement of lysosomes to the cell periphery in non-neuronal cells.
Toso, a cell surface, specific regulator of Fas-induced apoptosis in T cells.
Engineering of New Pneumocandin Side-Chain Analogues from Glarea lozoyensis by Mutasynthesis and Evaluation of Their Antifungal Activity.
Isolation and characterisation of 5'-fluorodeoxyadenosine synthase, a fluorination enzyme from Streptomyces cattleya.
Inhibitory activity of myelin-associated glycoprotein on sensory neurons is largely independent of NgR1 and NgR2 and resides within Ig-Like domains 4 and 5.
The bacterial antitoxin HipB establishes a ternary complex with operator DNA and phosphorylated toxin HipA to regulate bacterial persistence.
Mouse homologue of HOS (mHOS) is overexpressed in skin tumors and implicated in constitutive activation of NF-kappaB.
Robust utilization of phospholipase-generated metabolites, glycerophosphodiesters, by Candida albicans: role of the CaGit1 permease.
A Distinct Type of Pilus from the Human Microbiome.
Molecular characterization of phenyllactate dehydratase and its initiator from Clostridium sporogenes.
McsA and the roles of metal-binding motif in Staphylococcus aureus.
The c-myc DNA-unwinding element-binding protein modulates the assembly of DNA replication complexes in vitro.
The FANCM ortholog Fml1 promotes recombination at stalled replication forks and limits crossing over during DNA double-strand break repair.
A novel beta subunit increases rate of inactivation of specific voltage-gated potassium channel alpha subunits.
Parallel evolution of non-homologous isofunctional enzymes in methionine biosynthesis.
Lipoate-Protein Ligase and Octanoyltransferase Are Essential for Protein Lipoylation in Mitochondria of Arabidopsis.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a human DNA binding factor that represses transcription.
ATP regulation of the ligand-binding properties in temperate and cold-adapted haemoglobins. X-ray structure and ligand-binding kinetics in the sub-Antarctic fish Eleginops maclovinus.
Neprilysin degrades both amyloid beta peptides 1-40 and 1-42 most rapidly and efficiently among thiorphan- and phosphoramidon-sensitive endopeptidases.
Cytosolic Iron-Sulfur Assembly Is Evolutionarily Tuned by a Cancer-Amplified Ubiquitin Ligase.
Two beginnings for a single purpose: the dual-start holins in the regulation of phage lysis.
Identification of rat cDNA encoding hck tyrosine kinase from megakaryocytes.
Structural analysis of Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome 3. I. Sequence features of the regions of 4,504,864 bp covered by sixty P1 and TAC clones.
Identification of E. dysenterica laxative peptide: a novel strategy in the treatment of chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome.
Lignin-degrading enzyme from Phanerochaete chrysosporium: Purification, characterization, and catalytic properties of a unique H(2)O(2)-requiring oxygenase.
Identification and differential expression of novel human cervical cancer oncogene HCCR-2 in human cancers and its involvement in p53 stabilization.
Identification and characterization of a novel MAP kinase kinase kinase, MLTK.
The Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar phaseoli glnT gene, encoding glutamine synthetase III.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the rat NMDA receptor.
Organ-specific transcripts of different size and abundance derive from the same pyruvate, orthophosphate dikinase gene in maize.
Structure, expression, and functional analysis of a Na(+)-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter from rat brain.
Molecular breeding of a fungus producing a precursor diterpene suitable for semi-synthesis by dissection of the biosynthetic machinery.
Loss of plastoglobule kinases ABC1K1 and ABC1K3 causes conditional degreening, modified prenyl-lipids, and recruitment of the jasmonic acid pathway.
Characterization of mouse Ire1 alpha: cloning, mRNA localization in the brain and functional analysis in a neural cell line.
Identification and characterization of mouse orthologs of the AMMECR1 and FACL4 genes deleted in AMME syndrome: orthology of Xq22.3 and MmuXF1-F3.
Dynamin-like protein encoded by the Drosophila shibire gene associated with vesicular traffic.
Multidrug resistance in Candida albicans: disruption of the BENr gene.
Isolation and expression of the Escherichia coli gene encoding malate dehydrogenase.
Transcription of testicular angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) is initiated within the 12th intron of the somatic ACE gene.
The Arabidopsis tail-anchored protein PEROXISOMAL AND MITOCHONDRIAL DIVISION FACTOR1 is involved in the morphogenesis and proliferation of peroxisomes and mitochondria.
EMB2473/MIRO1, an Arabidopsis Miro GTPase, is required for embryogenesis and influences mitochondrial morphology in pollen.
Cloning, expression and complete nucleotide sequence of the Bacillus stearothermophilus L-lactate dehydrogenase gene.
KIF2beta, a new kinesin superfamily protein in non-neuronal cells, is associated with lysosomes and may be implicated in their centrifugal translocation.
Falkor, a novel cell growth regulator isolated by a functional genetic screen.
Purification and characterization of perlucin and perlustrin, two new proteins from the shell of the mollusc Haliotis laevigata.
Identification and characterization of AtI-2, an Arabidopsis homologue of an ancient protein phosphatase 1 (PP1) regulatory subunit.
The complete sequence of the mRNA for the HLA-DR-associated invariant chain reveals a polypeptide with an unusual transmembrane polarity.
m<sup>6</sup>A modulates neuronal functions and sex determination in Drosophila.
Transport and posttranslational processing of the vacuolar enzyme α-mannosidase in jack-bean cotyledons.
The structure and DNA-binding properties of Mgm101 from a yeast with a linear mitochondrial genome.
Negative transcriptional regulation of the mce3 operon in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Characterization of porcine EPLIN gene revealed distinct expression patterns for the two isoforms.
ESX-1 secreted virulence factors are recognized by multiple cytosolic AAA ATPases in pathogenic mycobacteria.
Three genes whose expression is induced by stress in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The complete amino acid sequence of the shorter form of human basic fibroblast growth factor receptor deduced from its cDNA.
Precursor of a novel scorpion venom peptide (BmKn1) with no disulfide bridge from Buthus martensii Karsch.
Expression of constitutive androstane receptor splice variants in human tissues and their functional consequences.
EsaC substrate for the ESAT-6 secretion pathway and its role in persistent infections of Staphylococcus aureus.
Discovery of a Glutamine Kinase Required for the Biosynthesis of the O-Methyl Phosphoramidate Modifications Found in the Capsular Polysaccharides of Campylobacter jejuni.
Isolation and characterization of cDNAs corresponding to two human calcium, calmodulin-regulated, 3',5'-cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases.
Lectin-mediated resistance impairs plant virus infection at the cellular level.
Mutations in the Arabidopsis homolog of LST8/GβL, a partner of the target of Rapamycin kinase, impair plant growth, flowering, and metabolic adaptation to long days.
Vasculostatin inhibits intracranial glioma growth and negatively regulates in vivo angiogenesis through a CD36-dependent mechanism.
The lysozyme of bacteriophage lambda. I. Purification and molecular weight.
A toxin to nervous, cardiac, and endocrine ERG K+ channels isolated from Centruroides noxius scorpion venom.
A conserved gene regulatory network subcircuit drives different developmental fates in the vegetal pole of highly divergent echinoderm embryos.
Mutations of the RDX gene cause nonsyndromic hearing loss at the DFNB24 locus.
Alternative splicing in the human interleukin enhancer binding factor 3 (ILF3) gene.
The specialized secretory apparatus ESX-1 is essential for DNA transfer in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Molecular characterization of the ZKT gene encoding a protein with PDZ, K-Box, and TPR motifs in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a nuclear-specific cyclophilin which interacts with the proteinase inhibitor eglin c.
Neuropeptide secreted from a pacemaker activates neurons to control a rhythmic behavior.
Functional characterization of drim2, the Drosophila melanogaster homolog of the yeast mitochondrial deoxynucleotide transporter.
Isolation, complete amino acid sequence and characterization of a previously unreported post-synaptic neurotoxin - AlphaN3, from the venom of Bungarus candidus.
Heterogeneity and function of mammalian MSRs: enzymes for repair, protection and regulation.
T cell metabolism. The protein LEM promotes CD8⁺ T cell immunity through effects on mitochondrial respiration.
Molecular cloning of the hepatitis A virus receptor from a simian cell line.
Alternative mRNA splicing creates transcripts encoding soluble proteins from most LILR genes.
A previously unidentified amino-terminal domain regulates transcriptional activity of wild-type and disease-associated human GLI2.
Prospecting for unannotated enzymes: discovery of a 3',5'-nucleotide bisphosphate phosphatase within the amidohydrolase superfamily.
The ATL gene family from Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa comprises a large number of putative ubiquitin ligases of the RING-H2 type.
Purification and complete amino acid sequence of canine pancreatic secretory trypsin inhibitor.
Identification by molecular cloning of two forms of the alpha-subunit of the human liver stimulatory (GS) regulatory component of adenylyl cyclase.
ICAP-1, a novel beta1 integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein, binds to a conserved and functionally important NPXY sequence motif of beta1 integrin.
Cloning and cellular localization of the canine progesterone receptor: co-localization with growth hormone in the mammary gland.
Novel E3 ubiquitin ligases that regulate histone protein levels in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Selection of a subset of mRNAs from combinatorial 3' untranslated region libraries using neuronal RNA-binding protein Hel-N1.
Hemocyanin of the molluscan Concholepas concholepas exhibits an unusual heterodecameric array of subunits.
Characterization of the Ste20-like kinase Krs1 of Dictyostelium discoideum.
Structure-activity study of macropin, a novel antimicrobial peptide from the venom of solitary bee Macropis fulvipes (Hymenoptera: Melittidae).
beta-dystrobrevin, a member of the dystrophin-related protein family.
Characterization of a novel manganese dependent endoglucanase belongs in GH family 5 from Phanerochaete chrysosporium.
An Arabidopsis homolog of the bacterial peptidoglycan synthesis enzyme MurE has an essential role in chloroplast development.
The Arabidopsis abscisic acid response locus ABI4 encodes an APETALA 2 domain protein.
A tonoplast-localized half-size ABC transporter is required for internal detoxification of aluminum in rice.
Characterization of the structure and function of a novel MAP kinase kinase (MKK6).
A human endogenous long terminal repeat provides a polyadenylation signal to a novel, alternatively spliced transcript in normal placenta.
Cloning and sequencing of four structural genes for the Na(+)-translocating NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase of Vibrio alginolyticus.
Lucifensin, the long-sought antimicrobial factor of medicinal maggots of the blowfly Lucilia sericata.
Conserved endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation system to eliminate mutated receptor-like kinases in Arabidopsis.
Analysis of multiple Invs transcripts in mouse and MDCK cells.
Cardiomyocyte-enriched protein CIP protects against pathophysiological stresses and regulates cardiac homeostasis.
Sequence and expression of a rat cDNA for LECAM-1.
Identification and characterization of the human homologue of the short PDE4A cAMP-specific phosphodiesterase RD1 (PDE4A1) by analysis of the human HSPDE4A gene locus located at chromosome 19p13.2.
Real time PCR quantification of GFRalpha-2 alternatively spliced isoforms in murine brain and peripheral tissues.
Cloning and sequencing of the gene encoding the 72-kilodalton dehydrogenase subunit of alcohol dehydrogenase from Acetobacter aceti.
Structural and bioinformatic analysis of the kiwifruit allergen Act d 11, a member of the family of ripening-related proteins.
A J-Protein Co-chaperone Recruits BiP to Monomerize IRE1 and Repress the Unfolded Protein Response.
The highly conserved and multifunctional NuA4 HAT complex.
Characterization of an early growth response gene, which encodes a zinc finger transcription factor, potentially involved in cell cycle regulation.
GMI1, a structural-maintenance-of-chromosomes-hinge domain-containing protein, is involved in somatic homologous recombination in Arabidopsis.
cDNA cloning of transcription factor E4TF1 subunits with Ets and notch motifs.
The inositol trisphosphate receptor regulates a 50-second behavioral rhythm in C. elegans.
PMEPA1, a transforming growth factor-beta-induced marker of terminal colonocyte differentiation whose expression is maintained in primary and metastatic colon cancer.
Cloning of ShIII (Shaw-like) cDNAs encoding a novel high-voltage-activating, TEA-sensitive, type-A K+ channel.
New insights into the molecular basis of progressive myoclonus epilepsy: a multiprotein complex with cystatin B.
Isocitrate lyase is essential for pathogenicity of the fungus Leptosphaeria maculans to canola (Brassica napus).
Herpes simplex virus-1 induces expression of a novel MxA isoform that enhances viral replication.
Identification of a human nuclear receptor defines a new signaling pathway for CYP3A induction.
A comparative study of the major outer membrane proteins of the avian haemophili and Pasteurella gallinarum.
Structural basis for the ligand-binding specificity of fatty acid-binding proteins (pFABP4 and pFABP5) in gentoo penguin.
The NMR structure of stomagen reveals the basis of stomatal density regulation by plant peptide hormones.
Caenorhabditis elegans mboa-7, a member of the MBOAT family, is required for selective incorporation of polyunsaturated fatty acids into phosphatidylinositol.
Definition of an Fc receptor-related gene (FcRX) expressed in human and mouse B cells.
Molecular and phylogenetic analyses of the complete MADS-box transcription factor family in Arabidopsis: new openings to the MADS world.
Intraflagellar transport and functional analysis of genes required for flagellum formation in trypanosomes.
FBH1 helicase disrupts RAD51 filaments in vitro and modulates homologous recombination in mammalian cells.
Recombinant expression of a selective blocker of M(1) muscarinic receptors.
Membrane Associated Progesterone Receptors: Promiscuous Proteins with Pleiotropic Functions - Focus on Interactions with Cytochromes P450.
Human CRISP-3 binds serum alpha(1)B-glycoprotein across species.
Porcine Niemann Pick-C1 protein is expressed in steroidogenic tissues and modulated by cAMP.
Specific gamma-aminobutyrate chemotaxis in pseudomonads with different lifestyle.
X-ray structure of a galactose-specific lectin from Spatholobous parviflorous.
Rat GluR7 and a carboxy-terminal splice variant, GluR7b, are functional kainate receptor subunits with a low sensitivity to glutamate.
Identification of the homologous beige and Chediak-Higashi syndrome genes.
Neuroligin 1: a splice site-specific ligand for beta-neurexins.
Excitatory amino acid transporters of the salamander retina: identification, localization, and function.
Genome-wide transcriptome analysis of Aspergillus fumigatus exposed to osmotic stress reveals regulators of osmotic and cell wall stresses that are SakA<sup>HOG1</sup> and MpkC dependent.
Detection of cell wall mannoprotein Mp1p in culture supernatants of Penicillium marneffei and in sera of penicilliosis patients.
Reduced spontaneous activity of mice defective in the epsilon 4 subunit of the NMDA receptor channel.
Identification of a unique radical S-adenosylmethionine methylase likely involved in methanopterin biosynthesis in Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa LysR PA4203 regulator NmoR acts as a repressor of the PA4202 nmoA gene, encoding a nitronate monooxygenase.
CPF: an orphan nuclear receptor that regulates liver-specific expression of the human cholesterol 7alpha-hydroxylase gene.
Alkyl hydroperoxide reductase from Salmonella typhimurium. Sequence and homology to thioredoxin reductase and other flavoprotein disulfide oxidoreductases.
NOD2-C2 - a novel NOD2 isoform activating NF-kappaB in a muramyl dipeptide-independent manner.
CUT1, an Arabidopsis gene required for cuticular wax biosynthesis and pollen fertility, encodes a very-long-chain fatty acid condensing enzyme.
New components of a system for phosphate accumulation and polyphosphate metabolism in Saccharomyces cerevisiae revealed by genomic expression analysis.
An Adaptation To Life In Acid Through A Novel Mevalonate Pathway.
The three-dimensional structure of 6-phospho-beta-galactosidase from Lactococcus lactis.
Disruption of the gene for Met-tRNA(fMet) formyltransferase severely impairs growth of Escherichia coli.
Neprilysin 4, a novel endopeptidase from Drosophila melanogaster, displays distinct substrate specificities and exceptional solubility states.
Putative polyketide synthase and laccase genes for biosynthesis of aurofusarin in Gibberella zeae.
Crystal structures of human HMG-CoA synthase isoforms provide insights into inherited ketogenesis disorders and inhibitor design.
Analysis of the nitrous oxide reduction genes, nosZDFYL, of Achromobacter cycloclastes.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Purification and properties of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase from Bacillus subtilis (natto).
The inner workings of the hydrazine synthase multiprotein complex.
Genetic manipulation of the Fusarium fujikuroi fusarin gene cluster yields insight into the complex regulation and fusarin biosynthetic pathway.
Rat brain contains multiple mRNAs for calpastatin.
Two Novel Glycoside Hydrolases Responsible for the Catabolism of Cyclobis-(1→6)-α-nigerosyl.
cDNA cloning of two closely related forms of human germ cell nuclear factor (GCNF).
The complete amino acid sequence of human placental oxytocinase.
The BPAG1 locus: Alternative splicing produces multiple isoforms with distinct cytoskeletal linker domains, including predominant isoforms in neurons and muscles.
Non heme (iron-sulfur) proteins of Azotobacter vinelandii.
Cloning and sequence analysis of a human type A/B hnRNP protein.
SPL1-1, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae mutation affecting tRNA splicing.
LST1 and NCR3 expression in autoimmune inflammation and in response to IFN-gamma, LPS and microbial infection.
Ts8 scorpion toxin inhibits the Kv4.2 channel and produces nociception in vivo.
High resolution crystal structures of Mycobacterium tuberculosis adenosine kinase: insights into the mechanism and specificity of this novel prokaryotic enzyme.
Identification of the open reading frame for the Pseudomonas putida D-hydantoinase gene and expression of the gene in Escherichia coli.
Identification of the binding partners for flightless I, A novel protein bridging the leucine-rich repeat and the gelsolin superfamilies.
The cell-shape protein MreC interacts with extracytoplasmic proteins including cell wall assembly complexes in Caulobacter crescentus.
ATF4 interacts with Abro1/KIAA0157 scaffold protein and participates in a cytoprotective pathway.
The gain-of-function Arabidopsis acd6 mutant reveals novel regulation and function of the salicylic acid signaling pathway in controlling cell death, defenses, and cell growth.
The mammalian numb phosphotyrosine-binding domain. Characterization of binding specificity and identification of a novel PDZ domain-containing numb binding protein, LNX.
Regional expression of the rice KN1-type homeobox gene family during embryo, shoot, and flower development.
Plant-symbiotic fungi as chemical engineers: multi-genome analysis of the clavicipitaceae reveals dynamics of alkaloid loci.
Plexins are a large family of receptors for transmembrane, secreted, and GPI-anchored semaphorins in vertebrates.
Identification of soluble interleukin-4 receptor in rat glomerular epithelial cells(1).
OVATE Family Protein 8 Positively Mediates Brassinosteroid Signaling through Interacting with the GSK3-like Kinase in Rice.
Isolation and expression analysis of a novel human homologue of the Drosophila glial cells missing (gcm) gene.
Identification, characterization and cloning of myr 1, a mammalian myosin-I.
Novel class III phosphoribosyl diphosphate synthase: structure and properties of the tetrameric, phosphate-activated, non-allosterically inhibited enzyme from Methanocaldococcus jannaschii.
Mammalian myosin I alpha, I beta, and I gamma: new widely expressed genes of the myosin I family.
Structure, chromosome mapping and regulation of the mouse zinc-finger gene Krox-24; evidence for a common regulatory pathway for immediate-early serum-response genes.
Identification of a PDZ domain containing Golgi protein, GOPC, as an interaction partner of frizzled.
Identification of grass-specific enzyme that acylates monolignols with p-coumarate.
A rice lectin receptor-like kinase that is involved in innate immune responses also contributes to seed germination.
Specificity of endoproteinase Asp-N (Pseudomonas fragi): cleavage at glutamyl residues in two proteins.
MotY, a component of the sodium-type flagellar motor.
Regulation of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans leukotoxin expression: analysis of the promoter regions of leukotoxic and minimally leukotoxic strains.
Identification of an aberrantly spliced form of HDMX in human tumors: a new mechanism for HDM2 stabilization.
Two kinesins are involved in the spatial control of cytokinesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Epiregulin: roles in normal physiology and cancer.
Relationship between interferon-gamma, indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase, and tryptophan catabolism.
Identification of novel candidate genes in the diffuse panbronchiolitis critical region of the class I human MHC.
Molecular cloning, characterization, and genetic mapping of the cDNA coding for a novel secretory protein of mouse. Demonstration of alternative splicing in skin and cartilage.
Dauer-specific dendrite arborization in C. elegans is regulated by KPC-1/Furin.
New isoforms of Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II in smooth muscle.
HECT-E3 ligase ETC-1 regulates securin and cyclin B1 cytoplasmic abundance to promote timely anaphase during meiosis in C. elegans.
Bacillus subtilis, the model Gram-positive bacterium: 20 years of annotation refinement.
Cytokinins secreted by Agrobacterium promote transformation by repressing a plant myb transcription factor.
Molecular cloning of a cDNA for the human inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor type 1, and the identification of a third alternatively spliced variant.
A testis-specifically expressed gene is embedded within a cluster of maternally expressed genes at 89B in Drosophila melanogaster.
Importin alpha is an essential nuclear import carrier adaptor required for proper sexual and asexual development and secondary metabolism in Aspergillus nidulans.
An ubiquitous isoform of glycophorin C is produced by alternative splicing.
Platelet integrin alpha(IIb)beta(3): activation mechanisms.
Structure and developmental regulation of Golli-mbp, a 105-kilobase gene that encompasses the myelin basic protein gene and is expressed in cells in the oligodendrocyte lineage in the brain.
Evidence for the presence of two homer 1 transcripts in skeletal and cardiac muscles.
Enzymic activation and transfer of fatty acids as acyl-adenylates in mycobacteria.
Drosophila Dystrophin is required for integrity of the musculature.
Acetyl coenzyme A synthetase (ADP forming) from the hyperthermophilic Archaeon pyrococcus furiosus: identification, cloning, separate expression of the encoding genes, acdAI and acdBI, in Escherichia coli, and in vitro reconstitution of the active heterotetrameric enzyme from its recombinant subunits.
Molecular cloning of a novel isotype of Mg(2+)-dependent protein phosphatase beta (type 2C beta) enriched in brain and heart.
Cytosol-localized heat shock factor-binding protein, AtHSBP, functions as a negative regulator of heat shock response by translocation to the nucleus and is required for seed development in Arabidopsis.
Gibepyrone Biosynthesis in the Rice Pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi Is Facilitated by a Small Polyketide Synthase Gene Cluster.
Association of a mutation in LACC1 with a monogenic form of systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Purification and characterization of a novel antifungal protein with antiproliferation and anti-HIV-1 reverse transcriptase activities from Peganum harmala seeds.
AdE-1, a new inotropic Na(+) channel toxin from Aiptasia diaphana, is similar to, yet distinct from, known anemone Na(+) channel toxins.
JSAP1, a novel jun N-terminal protein kinase (JNK)-binding protein that functions as a Scaffold factor in the JNK signaling pathway.
Identification of novel proteins involved in plant cell-wall synthesis based on protein-protein interaction data.
Physico-chemical characteristics and primary structure of an affinity-purified α-D-galactose-specific, jacalin-related lectin from the latex of mulberry (Morus indica).
NurA, a novel 5'-3' nuclease gene linked to rad50 and mre11 homologs of thermophilic Archaea.
In vivo mutational analysis of the NGFI-A zinc fingers.
A molecular switch for specific stimulation of the BKCa channel by cGMP and cAMP kinase.
FATZ, a filamin-, actinin-, and telethonin-binding protein of the Z-disc of skeletal muscle.
A new plasmid-encoded proteic killer gene system: cloning, sequencing, and analyzing hig locus of plasmid Rts1.
Temperature regulation of Shigella virulence: identification of the repressor gene virR, an analogue of hns, and partial complementation by tyrosyl transfer RNA (tRNA1(Tyr)).
Identification and characterization of a novel androgen receptor coregulator ARA267-alpha in prostate cancer cells.
Regulation of mouse myelin basic protein gene transcription by a sequence-specific single-stranded DNA-binding protein in vitro.
Deep transcriptome annotation enables the discovery and functional characterization of cryptic small proteins.
Gene clusters for insecticidal loline alkaloids in the grass-endophytic fungus Neotyphodium uncinatum.
CENTRIN2 modulates homologous recombination and nucleotide excision repair in Arabidopsis.
Bovine sperm raft membrane associated Glioma Pathogenesis-Related 1-like protein 1 (GliPr1L1) is modified during the epididymal transit and is potentially involved in sperm binding to the zona pellucida.
Complete de novo sequencing of antimicrobial peptides in the venom of the scorpion Isometrus maculatus.
Wnt signaling and an APC-related gene specify endoderm in early C. elegans embryos.
A novel protein complex, Mesh-Ssk, is required for septate junction formation in the Drosophila midgut.
Relative contributions of the AcrAB, MdfA and NorE efflux pumps to quinolone resistance in Escherichia coli.
Latarcins, antimicrobial and cytolytic peptides from the venom of the spider Lachesana tarabaevi (Zodariidae) that exemplify biomolecular diversity.
Cloning, tissue expression, and chromosomal localization of SUR2, the putative drug-binding subunit of cardiac, skeletal muscle, and vascular KATP channels.
Mouse myosin-19 is a plus-end-directed, high-duty ratio molecular motor.
EXS, a putative LRR receptor kinase, regulates male germline cell number and tapetal identity and promotes seed development in Arabidopsis.
Xanthomonas campestris attenuates virulence by sensing light through a bacteriophytochrome photoreceptor.
Involvement of two rice ETHYLENE INSENSITIVE3-LIKE genes in wound signaling.
Discovery of PPi-type Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Genes in Eukaryotes and Bacteria.
The SapB morphogen is a lantibiotic-like peptide derived from the product of the developmental gene ramS in Streptomyces coelicolor.
The Drosophila melanogaster LEM-domain protein MAN1.
BPAG1n4 is essential for retrograde axonal transport in sensory neurons.
Identification of Mycobacterium leprae antigens from a cosmid library: characterization of a 15-kilodalton antigen that is recognized by both the humoral and cellular immune systems in leprosy patients.
An abscisic-acid- and salt-stress-responsive rice cDNA from a novel plant gene family.
Primary structure and characteristics of a lectin from skin mucus of the Japanese eel Anguilla japonica.
Genomic organization of the human NFAT5 gene: exon-intron structure of the 14-kb transcript and CpG-island analysis of the promoter region.
Scaffold role of a mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase, SKRP1, for the JNK signaling pathway.
Dual role of isocitrate lyase 1 in the glyoxylate and methylcitrate cycles in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Evolution of plant defense mechanisms. Relationships of phenylcoumaran benzylic ether reductases to pinoresinol-lariciresinol and isoflavone reductases.
Structure of mouse calpastatin isoforms: implications of species-common and species-specific alternative splicing.
Control of flowering and cell fate by LIF2, an RNA binding partner of the polycomb complex component LHP1.
UBTOR/KIAA1024 regulates neurite outgrowth and neoplasia through mTOR signaling.
The complete primary structures of three cytotoxins (CM-6, CM-7 and CM-7A) from Naja naja kaouthia (Siamese cobra) snake venom.
Three new Nudix hydrolases from Escherichia coli.
Cloning and expression of ZAK, a mixed lineage kinase-like protein containing a leucine-zipper and a sterile-alpha motif.
Alternative splicing of the human IgA Fc receptor CD89 in neutrophils and eosinophils.
Isolation and primary structures of seven serine proteinase inhibitors from Cyclanthera pedata seeds.
The roles of latex and the vascular bundle in morphine biosynthesis in the opium poppy, Papaver somniferum.
Projection structure of DtpD (YbgH), a prokaryotic member of the peptide transporter family.
Comparative ribosomal protein sequence analyses of a phylogenetically defined genus, Pseudomonas, and its relatives.
Gene cloning and expression of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent L-threo-3-hydroxyaspartate dehydratase from Pseudomonas sp. T62, and characterization of the recombinant enzyme.
Cloning and characterization of a novel isoform of calpastatin in human adult testis.
PRAC2: a new gene expressed in human prostate and prostate cancer.
Arabidopsis thaliana AtPOLK encodes a DinB-like DNA polymerase that extends mispaired primer termini and is highly expressed in a variety of tissues.
Cloning, characterization, and steroid-dependent posttranscriptional processing of RUSH-1 alpha and beta, two uteroglobin promoter-binding proteins.
Multiple members of a third subfamily of P-type ATPases identified by genomic sequences and ESTs.
OsASR5 enhances drought tolerance through a stomatal closure pathway associated with ABA and H<sub>2</sub> O<sub>2</sub> signalling in rice.
Mutations in DPAGT1 cause a limb-girdle congenital myasthenic syndrome with tubular aggregates.
A putative lipase gene EXTRA GLUME1 regulates both empty-glume fate and spikelet development in rice.
Mlx, a novel Max-like BHLHZip protein that interacts with the Max network of transcription factors.
The DNA binding subunit of NF-kappa B is identical to factor KBF1 and homologous to the rel oncogene product.
A novel regulatory myosin light chain gene distinguishes pre-B cell subsets and is IL-7 inducible.
Assignment of voltage-gated potassium channel blocking activity to kappa-KTx1.3, a non-toxic homologue of kappa-hefutoxin-1, from Heterometrus spinifer venom.
Evidence for a novel protease governing regulated intramembrane proteolysis and resistance to antimicrobial peptides in Bacillus subtilis.
P05, a new leiurotoxin I-like scorpion toxin: synthesis and structure-activity relationships of the alpha-amidated analog, a ligand of Ca(2+)-activated K+ channels with increased affinity.
Cloning and characterization of BAI2 and BAI3, novel genes homologous to brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1 (BAI1).
Identification of additional genes belonging to the LexA regulon in Escherichia coli.
A role for LORELEI, a putative glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored protein, in Arabidopsis thaliana double fertilization and early seed development.
Deficiency of α-glucosidase I alters glycoprotein glycosylation and lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Molecular cloning and expression analysis of a monosaccharide transporter gene OsMST4 from rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Cloning and expression of the chicken type 2 iodothyronine 5'-deiodinase.
I kappa B gamma, a 70 kd protein identical to the C-terminal half of p110 NF-kappa B: a new member of the I kappa B family.
Identification and functional characterization of novel scorpion venom peptides with no disulfide bridge from Buthus martensii Karsch.
Structure, function, and chemical synthesis of Vaejovis mexicanus peptide 24: a novel potent blocker of Kv1.3 potassium channels of human T lymphocytes.
A napin-like polypeptide from dwarf Chinese white cabbage seeds with translation-inhibitory, trypsin-inhibitory, and antibacterial activities.
Primary structures of bovine liver low molecular weight kininogen precursors and their two mRNAs.
Novel calcium-binding GTPase (AtCBG) involved in ABA-mediated salt stress signaling in Arabidopsis.
Molecular and enzymatic characterization of two stilbene synthases from Eastern white pine (Pinus strobus). A single Arg/His difference determines the activity and the pH dependence of the enzymes.
Mitochondrial phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase plays a major role in preventing oxidative injury to cells.
Top-down HPLC-ESI-MS characterization of rat gliadoralin A, a new member of the family of rat submandibular gland glutamine-rich proteins and potential substrate of transglutaminase.
The Caenorhabditis elegans ADAMTS family gene adt-1 is necessary for morphogenesis of the male copulatory organs.
A molecular mechanism for the requirement of PAT-4 (integrin-linked kinase (ILK)) for the localization of UNC-112 (Kindlin) to integrin adhesion sites.
Channel forming outer membrane porin protein in halophile: expressed as a soluble form in Escherichia coli.
Murine endothelial leukocyte-adhesion molecule 1 is a close structural and functional homologue of the human protein.
The yjjN of E. coli codes for an L-galactonate dehydrogenase and can be used for quantification of L-galactonate and L-gulonate.
Developmental and inducible accumulation of gene transcripts involved in alkaloid biosynthesis in opium poppy.
Isolation and structural characterization of epilancin 15X, a novel lantibiotic from a clinical strain of Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Molecular basis for G-actin binding to RPEL motifs from the serum response factor coactivator MAL.
The feruloyl esterase system of Talaromyces stipitatus: production of three discrete feruloyl esterases, including a novel enzyme, TsFaeC, with a broad substrate specificity.
Embryonic stem cell and tissue-specific expression of a novel conserved gene, asrij.
Lineage-specific patterns of functional diversification in the alpha- and beta-globin gene families of tetrapod vertebrates.
Two novel toxins from the Amazonian scorpion Tityus cambridgei that block Kv1.3 and Shaker B K(+)-channels with distinctly different affinities.
Delphilin: a novel PDZ and formin homology domain-containing protein that synaptically colocalizes and interacts with glutamate receptor delta 2 subunit.
Hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-3alpha is subject to extensive alternative splicing in human tissues and cancer cells and is regulated by HIF-1 but not HIF-2.
Cloning of glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase cDNA, and expression of wild type and mutant enzymes in Escherichia coli.
Characterization of NE81, the first lamin-like nucleoskeleton protein in a unicellular organism.
Microbial urate catabolism: characterization of HpyO, a non-homologous isofunctional isoform of the flavoprotein urate hydroxylase HpxO.
Light regulation of the Arabidopsis respiratory chain. Multiple discrete photoreceptor responses contribute to induction of type II NAD(P)H dehydrogenase genes.
Cloning of the ALL-1 fusion partner, the AF-6 gene, involved in acute myeloid leukemias with the t(6;11) chromosome translocation.
Inhibitory PAS domain protein (IPAS) is a hypoxia-inducible splicing variant of the hypoxia-inducible factor-3alpha locus.
X-ray crystal structure of TTHB099, a CRP/FNR superfamily transcriptional regulator from Thermus thermophilus HB8, reveals a DNA-binding protein with no required allosteric effector molecule.
Phylogenomic analysis of non-ribosomal peptide synthetases in the genus Aspergillus.
Identification of a new multigene four-transmembrane family (MS4A) related to CD20, HTm4 and beta subunit of the high-affinity IgE receptor.
The MUC3 gene encodes a transmembrane mucin and is alternatively spliced.
Genome-wide identification and characterisation of R2R3-MYB genes in sugar beet (Beta vulgaris).
Molecular cloning, characterization, expression and antibacterial analysis of a lysozyme homologue from Fenneropenaeus merguiensis.
Molecular cloning of human brain glutamate/aspartate transporter II.
Isolation and characterization of kinase interacting protein 1, a pollen protein that interacts with the kinase domain of PRK1, a receptor-like kinase of petunia.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human hepatocyte transcription factor, hB1F, which binds and activates enhancer II of hepatitis B virus.
The hisT-purF region of the Escherichia coli K-12 chromosome. Identification of additional genes of the hisT and purF operons.
Identification of testis-specific (Limk2t) and brain-specific (Limk2c) isoforms of mouse LIM-kinase 2 gene transcripts.
The human skeletal muscle glycogenin gene: cDNA, tissue expression and chromosomal localization.
cysQ, a gene needed for cysteine synthesis in Escherichia coli K-12 only during aerobic growth.
Eic1 links Mis18 with the CCAN/Mis6/Ctf19 complex to promote CENP-A assembly.
Disulfide bond assignment, lipid transfer activity and secondary structure of a 7-kDa plant lipid transfer protein, LTP2.
Insulin-dependent stimulation of protein synthesis by phosphorylation of a regulator of 5'-cap function.
Cloning, sequencing and functional expression of cytosolic malate dehydrogenase from Taenia solium: Purification and characterization of the recombinant enzyme.
Complete sequencing and characterization of 21,243 full-length human cDNAs.
A soluble class II cytokine receptor, IL-22RA2, is a naturally occurring IL-22 antagonist.
Salpalpha and Salpbeta, growth-arresting homologs of Sam68.
Cloning of DOG1, a quantitative trait locus controlling seed dormancy in Arabidopsis.
Splicing program of human MENA produces a previously undescribed isoform associated with invasive, mesenchymal-like breast tumors.
Identification of a yeast karyopherin heterodimer that targets import substrate to mammalian nuclear pore complexes.
DAF-16-dependent and independent expression targets of DAF-2 insulin receptor-like pathway in Caenorhabditis elegans include FKBPs.
A low-temperature-responsive gene from barley encodes a protein with single-stranded nucleic acid-binding activity which is phosphorylated in vitro.
Two discrete promoters regulate the alternatively spliced human interferon regulatory factor-5 isoforms. Multiple isoforms with distinct cell type-specific expression, localization, regulation, and function.
Genomic sequence of the pathogenic and allergenic filamentous fungus Aspergillus fumigatus.
Identification of the mycobacterial glucosyl-3-phosphoglycerate synthase.
Discovery and characterisation of a novel toxin from Dendroaspis angusticeps, named Tx7335, that activates the potassium channel KcsA.
Molecular cloning and functional analysis of mouse C-terminal kinesin motor KifC3.
Cloning and characterization of two mouse heat shock factors with distinct inducible and constitutive DNA-binding ability.
Growth of bacteria on 3-nitropropionic acid as a sole source of carbon, nitrogen, and energy.
Structure of a GTP-dependent bacterial PEP-carboxykinase from Corynebacterium glutamicum.
A fourth isoform of endothelin-converting enzyme (ECE-1) is generated from an additional promoter molecular cloning and characterization.
Molecular cloning and predicted full-length amino acid sequence of the type I beta isozyme of cGMP-dependent protein kinase from human placenta. Tissue distribution and developmental changes in rat.
Whole-genome analysis of Oryza sativa reveals similar architecture of two-component signaling machinery with Arabidopsis.
Primary structure and developmental expression of a large cytoplasmic domain form of Xenopus laevis neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM).
Molecular analysis of cytosolic and mitochondrial malate dehydrogenases isolated from domestic cats (Felis catus).
Identification and structural analysis of human RBM8A and RBM8B: two highly conserved RNA-binding motif proteins that interact with OVCA1, a candidate tumor suppressor.
Identification of a Z-band associated protein complex involving KY, FLNC and IGFN1.
MAIN-LIKE1 is a crucial factor for correct cell division and differentiation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Aspergillus cyclooxygenase-like enzymes are associated with prostaglandin production and virulence.
GLD-3, a bicaudal-C homolog that inhibits FBF to control germline sex determination in C. elegans.
Characterization of novel M-superfamily conotoxins with new disulfide linkage.
The yin-yang of PR-domain family genes in tumorigenesis.
Sequence and function of the two P domain potassium channels: implications of an emerging superfamily.
Molecular cloning and functional expression of a novel potassium channel beta-subunit from human atrium.
Three-dimensional structure of the RGD-containing neurotoxin homologue dendroaspin.
Asator, a tau-tubulin kinase homolog in Drosophila localizes to the mitotic spindle.
Nucleoside diphosphate kinase from Escherichia coli; its overproduction and sequence comparison with eukaryotic enzymes.
Structure and function of ETAA16: a novel cell surface antigen in Ewing's tumours.
Maize LAZY1 mediates shoot gravitropism and inflorescence development through regulating auxin transport, auxin signaling, and light response.
Cloning and functional expression of a cDNA encoding the mouse beta 2 subunit of the kainate-selective glutamate receptor channel.
Characterization of in planta-induced rust genes isolated from a haustorium-specific cDNA library.
Cloning of an inr- and E-box-binding protein, TFII-I, that interacts physically and functionally with USF1.
BMK1/ERK5 regulates serum-induced early gene expression through transcription factor MEF2C.
A novel SAPK/JNK kinase, MKK7, stimulated by TNFalpha and cellular stresses.
Differential expression of Arabidopsis sulfurtransferases under various growth conditions.
A new lysozyme from the eastern oyster (Crassostrea virginica) indicates adaptive evolution of i-type lysozymes.
MADS-box gene evolution beyond flowers: expression in pollen, endosperm, guard cells, roots and trichomes.
The status, quality, and expansion of the NIH full-length cDNA project: the Mammalian Gene Collection (MGC).
Expression of genes involved in mammalian meiosis during the transition from egg to embryo.
MPB2C, a microtubule-associated protein, regulates non-cell-autonomy of the homeodomain protein KNOTTED1.
ACTTS3 encoding a polyketide synthase is essential for the biosynthesis of ACT-toxin and pathogenicity in the tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata.
Structural features and sites of expression of a new murine 65 kD and 48 kD hair-related keratin pair, associated with a special type of parakeratotic epithelial differentiation.
A molluscivorous Conus toxin: conserved frameworks in conotoxins.
Structural insight into substrate binding and catalysis of a novel 2-keto-3-deoxy-D-arabinonate dehydratase illustrates common mechanistic features of the FAH superfamily.
Assimilatory detoxification of herbicides by Delftia acidovorans MC1: induction of two chlorocatechol 1,2-dioxygenases as a response to chemostress.
A region of human chromosome 9p required for testis development contains two genes related to known sexual regulators.
UPF3 suppresses aberrant spliced mRNA in Arabidopsis.
Purification, characterization, and synthesis of three novel toxins from the Chinese scorpion Buthus martensi, which act on K+ channels.
Molecular characterization of transcription factors that bind to the cAMP responsive region of the substance P precursor gene. cDNA cloning of a novel C/EBP-related factor.
Molecular dissection of phage endolysin: an interdomain interaction confers host specificity in Lysin A of Mycobacterium phage D29.
Photoreactivation in a phrB mutant of Escherichia coli K-12: evidence for the role of a second protein in photorepair.
Basic leucine zipper (bZIP) domain transcription factor MBZ1 regulates cell wall integrity, spore adherence, and virulence in Metarhizium robertsii.
OsITL1 gene encoding an inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate 5/6-kinase is a negative regulator of osmotic stress signaling.
Isolation and properties of Gas8, a growth arrest-specific gene regulated during male gametogenesis to produce a protein associated with the sperm motility apparatus.
myo-Inositol catabolism in Bacillus subtilis.
Crystal structure of the read-through domain from bacteriophage Qβ A1 protein.
The identification by sequence homology of stage-specific sea urchin embryo histones H1.
Single-molecule investigation of the T4 bacteriophage DNA polymerase holoenzyme: multiple pathways of holoenzyme formation.
Kebab: kinetochore and EB1 associated basic protein that dynamically changes its localisation during Drosophila mitosis.
The gene complement for proteolysis in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 and Arabidopsis thaliana chloroplasts.
Primary structure and expression of a novel human laminin alpha 4 chain.
Factor for adipocyte differentiation 158 gene disruption prevents the body weight gain and insulin resistance induced by a high-fat diet.
Hymenolepis diminuta: mitochondrial NADH --> NAD transhydrogenation and the lipoamide dehydrogenase system.
Ptf1a directly controls expression of immunoglobulin superfamily molecules Nephrin and Neph3 in the developing central nervous system.
Nicotinamidase activity is important for germination.
Glycoform of a newly identified pollen allergen, Cha o 3, from Chamaecyparis obtusa (Japanese cypress, Hinoki).
Late cornified envelope family in differentiating epithelia--response to calcium and ultraviolet irradiation.
Recognition of phosphorylated-Smad2-containing complexes by a novel Smad interaction motif.
An Arabidopsis mutant able to green after extended dark periods shows decreased transcripts of seed protein genes and altered sensitivity to abscisic acid.
Expression of the "skin-type" desmosomal cadherin DSC1 is closely linked to the keratinization of epithelial tissues during mouse development.
IDO2 in Immunomodulation and Autoimmune Disease.
The glycerophosphoryl diester phosphodiesterase-like proteins SHV3 and its homologs play important roles in cell wall organization.
Microtubule actin cross-linking factor (MACF): a hybrid of dystonin and dystrophin that can interact with the actin and microtubule cytoskeletons.
Hyperactive antifreeze protein from an Antarctic sea ice bacterium Colwellia sp. has a compound ice-binding site without repetitive sequences.
In vitro loading of human cohesin on DNA by the human Scc2-Scc4 loader complex.
Identification and characterization of a novel protein interacting with Ral-binding protein 1, a putative effector protein of Ral.
Leptoglycin: a new Glycine/Leucine-rich antimicrobial peptide isolated from the skin secretion of the South American frog Leptodactylus pentadactylus (Leptodactylidae).
Characterization of multiple mRNAs originating from the chicken progesterone receptor gene. Evidence for a specific transcript encoding form A.
Positive and negative regulation of nuclear factor-kappaB-mediated transcription by IkappaB-zeta, an inducible nuclear protein.
Identification of a type-D feruloyl esterase from Neurospora crassa.
Sequencing and expression of the gene encoding a cold-active citrate synthase from an Antarctic bacterium, strain DS2-3R.
The PAF1 complex is involved in embryonic epidermal morphogenesis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Relationship between the subcellular localization and structures of catalytic domains of FKBP-type PPIases.
CEP genes regulate root and shoot development in response to environmental cues and are specific to seed plants.
Host adhesive activities and virulence of novel fimbrial proteins of Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Developmental regulation of the gene for formate dehydrogenase in Neurospora crassa.
Cloning and characterization of cDNA encoding glyoxal oxidase, a H2O2-producing enzyme from the lignin-degrading basidiomycete Phanerochaete chrysosporium.
Alternative splicing of the erythropoietin receptor gene correlates with erythroid differentiation in rat hematopoietic and leukemic cells.
Discovery of a metabolic alternative to the classical mevalonate pathway.
MKP-1 (3CH134), an immediate early gene product, is a dual specificity phosphatase that dephosphorylates MAP kinase in vivo.
Molecular characterization of Ct-hrp65: identification of two novel isoforms originated by alternative splicing.
A novel gene causing a mendelian audiogenic mouse epilepsy.
LIR9, an immunoglobulin-superfamily-activating receptor, is expressed as a transmembrane and as a secreted molecule.
Expression of multiple classes of the nuclear factor-1 family in the developing human brain: differential expression of two classes of NF-1 genes.
PXY, a receptor-like kinase essential for maintaining polarity during plant vascular-tissue development.
The Arabidopsis thaliana ABC protein superfamily, a complete inventory.
Interaction of the p62 subunit of dynactin with Arp1 and the cortical actin cytoskeleton.
A repetitive protein essential for the flagellum attachment zone filament structure and function in Trypanosoma brucei.
Post-translational modification and intracellular localization of a splice product of CD46 cloned from human testis: role of the intracellular domains in O-glycosylation.
Characterization of a novel immunoglobulin-like domain containing receptor.
Differential expression of type I hair keratins.
Pyranose Dehydrogenase from Agaricus campestris and Agaricus xanthoderma: Characterization and Applications in Carbohydrate Conversions.
Destabilizing LSD1 by Jade-2 promotes neurogenesis: an antibraking system in neural development.
ACC2 is expressed at high levels in human white adipose and has an isoform with a novel N-terminus [corrected].
emb-1 encodes the APC16 subunit of the Caenorhabditis elegans anaphase-promoting complex.
Structure of SgK223 pseudokinase reveals novel mechanisms of homotypic and heterotypic association.
Large-scale identification and characterization of human genes that activate NF-kappaB and MAPK signaling pathways.
Purification and partial characterization of an antibacterial protein LCIII.
Lilliputian: an AF4/FMR2-related protein that controls cell identity and cell growth.
Purification and modeling amphipathic alpha helical antimicrobial peptides from skin secretions of Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis.
AATYK: a novel tyrosine kinase induced during growth arrest and apoptosis of myeloid cells.
Chemical synthesis and characterization of maurotoxin, a short scorpion toxin with four disulfide bridges that acts on K+ channels.
Expression patterns of myb genes from Antirrhinum flowers.
Monoclonal anti-glycoprotein antibody that blocks cell adhesion in Polysphondylium pallidum.
Isoform diversity of dystrobrevin, the murine 87-kDa postsynaptic protein.
Characterization of two novel proteins, NgRH1 and NgRH2, structurally and biochemically homologous to the Nogo-66 receptor.
Mobilization of LINE-1 retrotransposons is restricted by <i>Tex19.1</i> in mouse embryonic stem cells.
The somatic cell-specific low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein of the chicken. Close kinship to mammalian low density lipoprotein receptor gene family members.
A prolactin-dependent immune cell line (Nb2) expresses a mutant form of prolactin receptor.
Cloning and characterization of human WDR10, a novel gene located at 3q21 encoding a WD-repeat protein that is highly expressed in pituitary and testis.
Cloning and functional characterization of a Caenorhabditis elegans muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
Molecular cloning and functional characterization of genes associated with flowering in citrus using an early-flowering trifoliate orange (Poncirus trifoliata L. Raf.) mutant.
The chlorate-resistant and photomorphogenesis-defective mutant cr88 encodes a chloroplast-targeted HSP90.
Neprilysins: an evolutionarily conserved family of metalloproteases that play important roles in reproduction in Drosophila.
Alternative mRNA splicing of SMRT creates functional diversity by generating corepressor isoforms with different affinities for different nuclear receptors.
Malonyl-CoA:anthocyanin 5-O-glucoside-6"'-O-malonyltransferase from scarlet sage (Salvia splendens) flowers. Enzyme purification, gene cloning, expression, and characterization.
Cloning of the cDNA for a human homologue of the Drosophila white gene and mapping to chromosome 21q22.3.
The tarantula toxin jingzhaotoxin-XI (κ-theraphotoxin-Cj1a) regulates the activation and inactivation of the voltage-gated sodium channel Nav1.5.
Effects of PU.1-induced mouse calcium-calmodulin-dependent kinase I-like kinase (CKLiK) on apoptosis of murine erythroleukemia cells.
Studies on amino acid sequences of two isoforms of 17-kDa essential light chain of smooth muscle myosin from porcine aorta media.
Identification and characterization of a mandelamide hydrolase and an NAD(P)+-dependent benzaldehyde dehydrogenase from Pseudomonas putida ATCC 12633.
Differentially expressed olfactomedin-related glycoproteins (Pancortins) in the brain.
The family of LAMP-2 proteins arises by alternative splicing from a single gene: characterization of the avian LAMP-2 gene and identification of mammalian homologs of LAMP-2b and LAMP-2c.
The sequence of 12.8 kb from the left arm of chromosome XIV reveals a sigma element, a pro-tRNA and six complete open reading frames, one of which encodes a protein similar to the human leukotriene A4 hydrolase.
A Meis family protein caudalizes neural cell fates in Xenopus.
Mapping autosomal recessive intellectual disability: combined microarray and exome sequencing identifies 26 novel candidate genes in 192 consanguineous families.
Genomic organization, transcript variants and comparative analysis of the human nucleoporin 155 (NUP155) gene.
Gene expression signatures identify rhabdomyosarcoma subtypes and detect a novel t(2;2)(q35;p23) translocation fusing PAX3 to NCOA1.
Co-ordination between BrlA regulation and secretion of the oxidoreductase FmqD directs selective accumulation of fumiquinazoline C to conidial tissues in Aspergillus fumigatus.
A cluster of 21 keratin-associated protein genes within introns of another gene on human chromosome 21q22.3.
Genomic sequence and organization of the family of CNR/Pcdhalpha genes in rat.
Participation of XPB/Ptr8p, a component of TFIIH, in nucleocytoplasmic transport of mRNA in fission yeast.
TAFA: a novel secreted family with conserved cysteine residues and restricted expression in the brain.
A novel potassium channel with delayed rectifier properties isolated from rat brain by expression cloning.
Two msbB genes encoding maximal acylation of lipid A are required for invasive Shigella flexneri to mediate inflammatory rupture and destruction of the intestinal epithelium.
Serine racemase homologue of Saccharomyces cerevisiae has L-threo-3-hydroxyaspartate dehydratase activity.
Comparative genomics guided discovery of two missing archaeal enzyme families involved in the biosynthesis of the pterin moiety of tetrahydromethanopterin and tetrahydrofolate.
A bifunctional old yellow enzyme from Penicillium roqueforti is involved in ergot alkaloid biosynthesis.
A 3 kDa peptide is involved in the chemoattraction in vitro of the male Schistosoma mansoni to the female.
Molecular cloning of a truncated p62Dok1 isoform, p22Dok(del).
Salicylate 5-hydroxylase from Ralstonia sp. strain U2: a monooxygenase with close relationships to and shared electron transport proteins with naphthalene dioxygenase.
Promotion of met-tRNAiMet binding to ribosomes by yIF2, a bacterial IF2 homolog in yeast.
Comparison of TFII-I gene family members deleted in Williams-Beuren syndrome.
Rhythmic SAF-A binding underlies circadian transcription of the Bmal1 gene.
Unique hexokinase messenger ribonucleic acids lacking the porin-binding domain are developmentally expressed in mouse spermatogenic cells.
The knockout of the lprG-Rv1410 operon produces strong attenuation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Two isoforms of the mouse ether-a-go-go-related gene coassemble to form channels with properties similar to the rapidly activating component of the cardiac delayed rectifier K+ current.
Detection of novel mRNA splice variants of human ING4 tumor suppressor gene.
5' structure and expression of human glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase mRNA.
Cryptic CTL epitope on a murine sarcoma Meth A generated by exon extension as a novel mechanism.
Two novel ergtoxins, blockers of K+-channels, purified from the Mexican scorpion Centruroides elegans elegans.
2-Hydroxyisocaproyl-CoA dehydratase and its activator from Clostridium difficile.
Identification of a gene at 11q23 encoding a guanine nucleotide exchange factor: evidence for its fusion with MLL in acute myeloid leukemia.
Small-conductance, calcium-activated potassium channels from mammalian brain.
Arabidopsis kinetochore null2 is an upstream component for centromeric histone H3 variant cenH3 deposition at centromeres.
Unfolded protein response-regulated Drosophila Fic (dFic) protein reversibly AMPylates BiP chaperone during endoplasmic reticulum homeostasis.
Molecular cloning of MINK, a novel member of mammalian GCK family kinases, which is up-regulated during postnatal mouse cerebral development.
A novel splice variant of a metabotropic glutamate receptor, human mGluR7b.
Isolation of the human genes encoding the pyst1 and Pyst2 phosphatases: characterisation of Pyst2 as a cytosolic dual-specificity MAP kinase phosphatase and its catalytic activation by both MAP and SAP kinases.
A calmodulin-binding protein from Arabidopsis has an essential role in pollen germination.
ADAM-15 inhibits wound healing in human intestinal epithelial cell monolayers.
Molecular identification of Ca2+-activated K+ channels in parotid acinar cells.
A new member of the NY-ESO-1 gene family is ubiquitously expressed in somatic tissues and evolutionarily conserved.
The Nup155-mediated organisation of inner nuclear membrane proteins is independent of Nup155 anchoring to the metazoan nuclear pore complex.
The alkali light chains of human smooth and nonmuscle myosins are encoded by a single gene. Tissue-specific expression by alternative splicing pathways.
Characterization of the dead ringer gene identifies a novel, highly conserved family of sequence-specific DNA-binding proteins.
NAT6 acetylates the N-terminus of different forms of actin.
Cerebral cell adhesion molecule: a novel leukocyte adhesion determinant on blood-brain barrier capillary endothelium.
Defective expression of Ras guanyl nucleotide-releasing protein 1 in a subset of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Arabidopsis IWS1 interacts with transcription factor BES1 and is involved in plant steroid hormone brassinosteroid regulated gene expression.
Characterization of rhesus monkey CD94/NKG2 family members and identification of novel transmembrane-deleted forms of NKG2-A, B, C, and D.
Intimate bacterial-fungal interaction triggers biosynthesis of archetypal polyketides in Aspergillus nidulans.
Mapping and characterization of novel (CAG)n repeat cDNAs from adult human brain derived by the oligo capture method.
Molecular analysis of a candidate gene for the reproductive isolation between sibling species of Drosophila.
Purification, characterization, synthesis, and cloning of the lockjaw peptide from Conus purpurascens venom.
The kinetochore protein Kis1/Eic1/Mis19 ensures the integrity of mitotic spindles through maintenance of kinetochore factors Mis6/CENP-I and CENP-A.
Toxin-antitoxin systems of Mycobacterium smegmatis are essential for cell survival.
Formation of 100S ribosomes in Staphylococcus aureus by the hibernation promoting factor homolog SaHPF.
Function and protective capacity of Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase.
Rho exchange factor ECT2 is induced by growth factors and regulates cytokinesis through the N-terminal cell cycle regulator-related domains.
Hague (Hag). A new mouse hair mutation with an unstable semidominant allele.
Only snake curaremimetic toxins with a fifth disulfide bond have high affinity for the neuronal alpha7 nicotinic receptor.
Kif14 mutation causes severe brain malformation and hypomyelination.
LAT: the ZAP-70 tyrosine kinase substrate that links T cell receptor to cellular activation.
Role of the Kv4.3 K+ channel in ventricular muscle. A molecular correlate for the transient outward current.
Identification and localization of Ca(2+)-activated K+ channels in rat sciatic nerve.
Chromate Binding and Removal by the Molybdate-Binding Protein ModA.
Splicing of a human endogenous retrovirus to a novel phospholipase A2 related gene.
A glucose-repressible gene encodes acetyl-CoA hydrolase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
batman Interacts with polycomb and trithorax group genes and encodes a BTB/POZ protein that is included in a complex containing GAGA factor.
An Arabidopsis neutral ceramidase mutant ncer1 accumulates hydroxyceramides and is sensitive to oxidative stress.
The R gene product of bacteriophage lambda is the murein transglycosylase.
Identification of novel diphenyl urea inhibitors of Mt-GuaB2 active against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Cloning, sequencing, and mutational analysis of the hyb operon encoding Escherichia coli hydrogenase 2.
Characterization of the bovine peripheral lymph node homing receptor: a lectin cell adhesion molecule (LECAM).
Reconstitution in vitro of the GDP-fucose biosynthetic pathways of Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila melanogaster.
Synthesis and characterization of Pi4, a scorpion toxin from Pandinus imperator that acts on K+ channels.
Cloning and characterization of a human orphan family C G-protein coupled receptor GPRC5D.
MIT(1), a black mamba toxin with a new and highly potent activity on intestinal contraction.
Molecular analysis of the NAC gene family in rice.
Cloning, nucleotide sequence and high level expression of the gene coding for the connector protein of Bacillus subtilis phage phi 29.
Three-amino acid extension loop homeodomain proteins Meis2 and TGIF differentially regulate transcription.
MEGF1/fat2 proteins containing extraordinarily large extracellular domains are localized to thin parallel fibers of cerebellar granule cells.
A variant upstream of IFNL3 (IL28B) creating a new interferon gene IFNL4 is associated with impaired clearance of hepatitis C virus.
Cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding a novel fibroblast growth factor preferentially expressed in human heart.
MAGI-1, a membrane-associated guanylate kinase with a unique arrangement of protein-protein interaction domains.
Human ISPD Is a Cytidyltransferase Required for Dystroglycan O-Mannosylation.
N<sup>6</sup>-Methyladenine DNA Modification in the Human Genome.
Differential expression of five Arabidopsis genes encoding glycine-rich proteins.
A novel zinc-finger protein with a proline-rich domain mediates ABA-regulated seed dormancy in Arabidopsis.
A novel glutamine-rich putative transcriptional adaptor protein (TIG-1), preferentially expressed in placental and bone-marrow tissues.
Purification, biochemical characterisation and partial primary structure of a new alpha-amylase inhibitor from Secale cereale (rye).
vHNF1 is a homeoprotein that activates transcription and forms heterodimers with HNF1.
Molecular characterization of a familial translocation implicates disruption of HDAC9 and possible position effect on TGFbeta2 in the pathogenesis of Peters' anomaly.
FTIP1 is an essential regulator required for florigen transport.
Structure of the gene for an auxin-binding protein and a gene for 7SL RNA from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Characterization of type 12 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, an isoform of type 3 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase responsible for estradiol formation in women.
Chain elongation and cyclization in type III PKS DpgA.
The Genomes of Oryza sativa: a history of duplications.
Purification and characterization of three mitogenic lectins from the roots of pokeweed (Phytolacca americana).
Human FLI-1 localizes to chromosome 11Q24 and has an aberrant transcript in neuroepithelioma.
Novel dendritic kinesin sorting identified by different process targeting of two related kinesins: KIF21A and KIF21B.
The glutamine synthetase from the hyperthermoacidophilic crenarcheon Sulfolobus acidocaldarius: isolation, characterization and sequencing of the gene.
Kalicludines and kaliseptine. Two different classes of sea anemone toxins for voltage sensitive K+ channels.
Characterization and evolution of a myrosinase from the cabbage aphid Brevicoryne brassicae.
Isolation and in situ localization of a cDNA encoding a Kex2-like prohormone convertase in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
The adapter protein Grb10 associates preferentially with the insulin receptor as compared with the IGF-I receptor in mouse fibroblasts.
Binding properties of newly identified Xenopus proteins containing dsRNA-binding motifs.
Gluconeogenesis in Candida albicans.
Intracellular processing of human herpesvirus 6 glycoproteins Q1 and Q2 into tetrameric complexes expressed on the viral envelope.
Recall of long-lived immunity to Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in mice.
Hydralysins, a new category of beta-pore-forming toxins in cnidaria.
Signal transduction via the stem cell factor receptor/c-Kit.
Cloning and expression of a novel human glutaredoxin (Grx2) with mitochondrial and nuclear isoforms.
Evidence for the presence of two amino-terminal isoforms of neurofibromin, a gene product responsible for neurofibromatosis type 1.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase mRNA is transcribed from a single gene in the ovine genome.
Immunocytochemical mapping of 1B236, a brain-specific neuronal polypeptide deduced from the sequence of a cloned mRNA.
A novel hydrophobic omega-conotoxin blocks molluscan dihydropyridine-sensitive calcium channels.
Two duplicated genes DDI2 and DDI3 in budding yeast encode a cyanamide hydratase and are induced by cyanamide.
Isolation of two isoforms of the PAX3 gene transcripts and their tissue-specific alternative expression in human adult tissues.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-5 binds to Axin and regulates the canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Crystal structure of an apo form of Shigella flexneri ArsH protein with an NADPH-dependent FMN reductase activity.
Characterization of a chicken luteinizing hormone receptor (cLH-R) complementary deoxyribonucleic acid, and expression of cLH-R messenger ribonucleic acid in the ovary.
The receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase PCRK1 contributes to pattern-triggered immunity against Pseudomonas syringae in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Control of tillering in rice.
An imprinted transcript, antisense to Nesp, adds complexity to the cluster of imprinted genes at the mouse Gnas locus.
Characterization of biosynthetic enzymes for ectoine as a compatible solute in a moderately halophilic eubacterium, Halomonas elongata.
The lectin-like receptor KLRE1 inhibits natural killer cell cytotoxicity.
Expression of glycine-rich protein genes, AtGRP5 and AtGRP23, induced by the cutin monomer 16-hydroxypalmitic acid in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Identification, purification, and characterization of a novel amino acid racemase, isoleucine 2-epimerase, from Lactobacillus species.
hnRNP-U/SAF-A is encoded by two differentially polyadenylated mRNAs in human cells.
Rat class III Fc gamma receptor isoforms differ in IgG subclass-binding specificity and fail to associate productively with rat CD3 zeta.
Human paraoxonases (PON1, PON2, and PON3) are lactonases with overlapping and distinct substrate specificities.
Primary structure, genomic organization and expression of the major secretory protein of murine epididymis, ME1.
A novel zymogen granule protein (ZG29p) and the nuclear protein MTA1p are differentially expressed by alternative transcription initiation in pancreatic acinar cells of the rat.
Gene structure, localization and role in oxidative stress of methionine sulfoxide reductase A (MSRA) in the monkey retina.
Characterization of the mouse and human PRSS17 genes, their relationship to other serine proteases, and the expression of PRSS17 in developing mouse incisors.
Limulus factor C. An endotoxin-sensitive serine protease zymogen with a mosaic structure of complement-like, epidermal growth factor-like, and lectin-like domains.
Structural basis for the recognition of lysozyme by MliC, a periplasmic lysozyme inhibitor in Gram-negative bacteria.
Cloning and characterization of an alternatively processed human type II interleukin-1 receptor mRNA.
Substrate selectivity of the melibiose permease (MelY) from Enterobacter cloacae.
NCLX is an essential component of mitochondrial Na+/Ca2+ exchange.
Discovery of cryptic polyketide metabolites from dermatophytes using heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans.
Binding of native kappa-neurotoxins and site-directed mutants to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Steroid responsive regulation of IFNγ2 alternative splicing and its possible role in germ cell proliferation in medaka.
The Arabidopsis kinesin gene AtKin-1 plays a role in the nuclear division process during megagametogenesis.
L-Rhamnose-binding lectin from eggs of the Echinometra lucunter: Amino acid sequence and molecular modeling.
Impaired sucrose-induction mutants reveal the modulation of sugar-induced starch biosynthetic gene expression by abscisic acid signalling.
The oxygenating constituent of 3,6-diketocamphane monooxygenase from the CAM plasmid of Pseudomonas putida: the first crystal structure of a type II Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase.
Metabolic engineering in Nicotiana benthamiana reveals key enzyme functions in Arabidopsis indole glucosinolate modification.
Structures and high and low affinity ligand binding properties of murine type I and type II macrophage scavenger receptors.
Cloning, expression, and mutation analysis of NOR1, a novel human gene down-regulated in HNE1 nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line.
Positive and negative regulation of the transforming growth factor beta/activin target gene goosecoid by the TFII-I family of transcription factors.
Conventional and unconventional mechanisms for capping viral mRNA.
Characterization of diverse antimicrobial peptides in skin secretions of Chungan torrent frog Amolops chunganensis.
Functional analysis of all nonribosomal peptide synthetases in Cochliobolus heterostrophus reveals a factor, NPS6, involved in virulence and resistance to oxidative stress.
Cloning, physical mapping and expression analysis of the human 5-HT3 serotonin receptor-like genes HTR3C, HTR3D and HTR3E.
Biochemical characterisation of aconitase from Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Silencing of a second dimethylallyltryptophan synthase of Penicillium roqueforti reveals a novel clavine alkaloid gene cluster.
Structural requirements for the activity of the MirB ferrisiderophore transporter of Aspergillus fumigatus.
The plant biotin synthase reaction. Identification and characterization of essential mitochondrial accessory protein components.
Effect of immunoglobin-like transcript 7 cross-linking on plasmacytoid dendritic cells differentiation into antigen-presenting cells.
A new gene, EVC2, is mutated in Ellis-van Creveld syndrome.
QIL1 is a novel mitochondrial protein required for MICOS complex stability and cristae morphology.
Comparative sequence analysis and radiation hybrid mapping of the canine keratin 10 gene.
Global characterization of cell-specific gene expression through fluorescence-activated sorting of nuclei.
Limkain b1, a novel human autoantigen localized to a subset of ABCD3 and PXF marked peroxisomes.
The Caenorhabditis elegans gene unc-76 and its human homologs define a new gene family involved in axonal outgrowth and fasciculation.
Molecular cloning of the cDNA and gene for an elastinolytic aspartic proteinase from Aspergillus fumigatus and evidence of its secretion by the fungus during invasion of the host lung.
Regulation of TLR7/9 responses in plasmacytoid dendritic cells by BST2 and ILT7 receptor interaction.
Isoforms of hepatocyte nuclear factor-6 differ in DNA-binding properties, contain a bifunctional homeodomain, and define the new ONECUT class of homeodomain proteins.
Cloning and functional analysis of spliced isoforms of human nuclear factor I-X: interference with transcriptional activation by NFI/CTF in a cell-type specific manner.
Distinct Paths for Basic Amino Acid Export in Escherichia coli: YbjE (LysO) Mediates Export of L-Lysine.
The general stress response factor EcfG regulates expression of the C-2 hopanoid methylase HpnP in Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1.
PRISM/PRDM6, a transcriptional repressor that promotes the proliferative gene program in smooth muscle cells.
Isolation of a murine homologue of the Drosophila neuralized gene, a gene required for axonemal integrity in spermatozoa and terminal maturation of the mammary gland.
Evolution of nacre: biochemistry and proteomics of the shell organic matrix of the cephalopod Nautilus macromphalus.
Identification, characterization, and functional analysis of heart-specific myosin light chain phosphatase small subunit.
ERG-28 controls BK channel trafficking in the ER to regulate synaptic function and alcohol response in <i>C. elegans</i>.
Expression and characterization of manganese lipoxygenase of the rice blast fungus reveals prominent sequential lipoxygenation of α-linolenic acid.
Exploration of human ORFeome: high-throughput preparation of ORF clones and efficient characterization of their protein products.
Embryo-specific silencing of a transporter reduces phytic acid content of maize and soybean seeds.
Laforin, defective in the progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Lafora type, is a dual-specificity phosphatase associated with polyribosomes.
IgG Fc receptor III homologues in nonhuman primate species: genetic characterization and ligand interactions.
Structure and expression of two kininogen genes in mice.
Characterization of the dual-specificity phosphatase PYST2 and its transcripts.
Identification of WTAP, a novel Wilms' tumour 1-associating protein.
Genomic organization of three neurotoxins active on small conductance Ca2+-activated potassium channels from the scorpion Buthus martensi Karsch.
Cloning and characterization of polyphosphate kinase and exopolyphosphatase genes from Pseudomonas aeruginosa 8830.
Cloning and analysis of human gastric mucin cDNA reveals two types of conserved cysteine-rich domains.
GRASP55, a second mammalian GRASP protein involved in the stacking of Golgi cisternae in a cell-free system.
cDNA cloning, characterization and expression analysis of a novel antimicrobial peptide gene penaeidin-3 (Fi-Pen3) from the haemocytes of Indian white shrimp Fenneropenaeus indicus.
A novel ING2 isoform, ING2b, synergizes with ING2a to prevent cell cycle arrest and apoptosis.
An mTERF domain protein functions in group II intron splicing in maize chloroplasts.
Human high affinity, Na(+)-dependent L-glutamate/L-aspartate transporter GLAST-1 (EAAT-1): gene structure and localization to chromosome 5p11-p12.
Tumor-specific overexpression of a novel keratinocyte lipid-binding protein. Identification and characterization of a cloned sequence activated during multistage carcinogenesis in mouse skin.
Partial mRNA sequences for human A alpha, B beta, and gamma fibrinogen chains: evolutionary and functional implications.
Structure and expression of two members of the d4 gene family in mouse.
mRNA differential display reveals Krox-20 as a neural plasticity-regulated gene in the rat hippocampus.
Variants of human L1 cell adhesion molecule arise through alternate splicing of RNA.
The subcellular localization of acetyl-CoA carboxylase 2.
Sequence analysis of the cDNA encoding the precursor of equinatoxin V, a newly discovered hemolysin from the sea anemone Actinia equina.
In silico analyses of a new group of fungal and plant RecQ4-homologous proteins.
Kiwellin, a modular protein from green and gold kiwi fruits: evidence of in vivo and in vitro processing and IgE binding.
Purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray study of the fungal laccase from Cerrena maxima.
Asymmetric expression of transcripts derived from the shared promoter between the divergently oriented ACACA and TADA2L genes.
Neuropilin-2, a novel member of the neuropilin family, is a high affinity receptor for the semaphorins Sema E and Sema IV but not Sema III.
Pharbin, a novel inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase, induces dendritic appearances in fibroblasts.
Arabidopsis PCH2 Mediates Meiotic Chromosome Remodeling and Maturation of Crossovers.
Phylogenetic relationships within cation transporter families of Arabidopsis.
Long form collapsin response mediator protein-1 (LCRMP-1) expression is associated with clinical outcome and lymph node metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer patients.
The ionic stoichiometry of the GLAST glutamate transporter in salamander retinal glia.
Plant development. Arabidopsis NAC45/86 direct sieve element morphogenesis culminating in enucleation.
Dissecting the sequence specific functions of alternative N-terminal isoforms of mouse bullous pemphigoid antigen 1.
Outer chain N-glycans are required for cell wall integrity and virulence of Candida albicans.
Quinone-responsive multiple respiratory-chain dysfunction due to widespread coenzyme Q10 deficiency.
ERdj4 and ERdj5 are required for endoplasmic reticulum-associated protein degradation of misfolded surfactant protein C.
Differential display identification of 40 genes with altered expression in activated human smooth muscle cells. Local expression in atherosclerotic lesions of smags, smooth muscle activation-specific genes.
A highly redundant gene network controls assembly of the outer spore wall in S. cerevisiae.
Identification of interaction partners and substrates of the cyclin A1-CDK2 complex.
Identification and isolation of a gene required for nitrate assimilation and anaerobic growth of Bacillus subtilis.
The Listeria monocytogenes hibernation-promoting factor is required for the formation of 100S ribosomes, optimal fitness, and pathogenesis.
DNA damage-inducible gene p33ING2 negatively regulates cell proliferation through acetylation of p53.
Mutant U5A cells are complemented by an interferon-alpha beta receptor subunit generated by alternative processing of a new member of a cytokine receptor gene cluster.
Human N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor modulatory subunit hNR3: cloning and sequencing of the cDNA and primary structure of the protein.
Structural characterization of two isolectins from the marine red alga Solieria filiformis (Kützing) P.W. Gabrielson and their anticancer effect on MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Regulation of lysine catabolism through lysine-ketoglutarate reductase and saccharopine dehydrogenase in Arabidopsis.
Interaction of the putative androgen receptor-specific coactivator ARA70/ELE1alpha with multiple steroid receptors and identification of an internally deleted ELE1beta isoform.
A new natural α-helical peptide from the venom of the scorpion Heterometrus petersii kills HCV.
Twa1/Gid8 is a β-catenin nuclear retention factor in Wnt signaling and colorectal tumorigenesis.
Genetic and molecular complexity of the position effect variegation modifier mod(mdg4) in Drosophila.
Characterization of the histone H1-binding protein, NASP, as a cell cycle-regulated somatic protein.
cGMP-dependent protein kinase genes in Drosophila.
Three-dimensional structure of tropism-switching Bordetella bacteriophage.
Function of a mycobacterial major facilitator superfamily pump requires a membrane-associated lipoprotein.
Molecular and functional analysis of nicotinate catabolism in Eubacterium barkeri.
Amino acid sequence of a cardiotoxin-like basic polypeptide (CLBP) with low cytotoxic activity isolated from the venom of the Formosan cobra (Naja naja atra).
Cloning and sequencing of mammalian glutathione reductase cDNA.
A selenoprotein in the plant kingdom. Mass spectrometry confirms that an opal codon (UGA) encodes selenocysteine in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii gluththione peroxidase.
Interaction of a conserved peptide domain in recombinant human ventricular myosin light chain-2 with myosin heavy chain.
Diversity and repertoire of IgW and IgM VH families in the newborn nurse shark.
Circadian control of messenger RNA stability. Association with a sequence-specific messenger RNA decay pathway.
Purification, partial characterization and immobilization of a mannose-specific lectin from seeds of Dioclea lasiophylla mart.
Genetic analysis of glutathione peroxidase in oxidative stress response of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The aflatoxin biosynthesis cluster gene, aflX, encodes an oxidoreductase involved in conversion of versicolorin A to demethylsterigmatocystin.
Putative identification of the usnic acid biosynthetic gene cluster by de novo whole-genome sequencing of a lichen-forming fungus.
Rapid identification of malaria vaccine candidates based on alpha-helical coiled coil protein motif.
Bioinformatics identification of MurJ (MviN) as the peptidoglycan lipid II flippase in Escherichia coli.
<i>Arabidopsis</i> m<sup>6</sup>A demethylase activity modulates viral infection of a plant virus and the m<sup>6</sup>A abundance in its genomic RNAs.
Myc and Max homologs in Drosophila.
Transfer RNA modifications and genes for modifying enzymes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The choice between alternative IIIb and IIIc exons of the FGFR-3 gene is not strictly tissue-specific.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipoprotein LprG (Rv1411c) binds triacylated glycolipid agonists of Toll-like receptor 2.
Comprehensive high-resolution analysis of the role of an Arabidopsis gene family in RNA editing.
Cloning and characterization of a novel human ninein protein that interacts with the glycogen synthase kinase 3beta.
Asrij maintains the stem cell niche and controls differentiation during Drosophila lymph gland hematopoiesis.
Identification of DELE, a novel DAP3-binding protein which is crucial for death receptor-mediated apoptosis induction.
Extreme aggression in male squid induced by a β-MSP-like pheromone.
Leucine/valine residues direct oxygenation of linoleic acid by (10R)- and (8R)-dioxygenases: expression and site-directed mutagenesis oF (10R)-dioxygenase with epoxyalcohol synthase activity.
ELO2 and ELO3, homologues of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae ELO1 gene, function in fatty acid elongation and are required for sphingolipid formation.
Characterization and phosphorylation of PDE10A2, a novel alternative splice variant of human phosphodiesterase that hydrolyzes cAMP and cGMP.
Alpha i-3 cDNA encodes the alpha subunit of Gk, the stimulatory G protein of receptor-regulated K+ channels.
Human cyclophilin C: primary structure, tissue distribution, and determination of binding specificity for cyclosporins.
Purification and characterization of a membrane-bound hydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus.
Estrogen receptor-beta mRNA variants in human and murine tissues.
A novel transcript from a pseudogene for human glucocerebrosidase in non-Gaucher disease cells.
Inversin, a novel gene in the vertebrate left-right axis pathway, is partially deleted in the inv mouse.
Identification and isoprenylation of plant GTP-binding proteins.
Sex-specific assembly of a dosage compensation complex on the nematode X chromosome.
Nucleotide sequence and transcriptional analysis of a third function (Flm) involved in F-plasmid maintenance.
Human macrophage scavenger receptors: primary structure, expression, and localization in atherosclerotic lesions.
Major reorientation of tRNA substrates defines specificity of dihydrouridine synthases.
A potassium channel toxin from the secretion of the sea anemone Bunodosoma granulifera. Isolation, amino acid sequence and biological activity.
Identification of a splice variant of the rat and human mineralocorticoid receptor genes.
Identification of a novel Rhizobium meliloti nodulation efficiency nfe gene homolog of Agrobacterium ornithine cyclodeaminase.
Septic injury-inducible genes in medicinal maggots of the green blow fly Lucilia sericata.
Kinetic properties of "soluble" adenylyl cyclase. Synergism between calcium and bicarbonate.
¹³C metabolic flux analysis identifies an unusual route for pyruvate dissimilation in mycobacteria which requires isocitrate lyase and carbon dioxide fixation.
The calcium channel mucolipin-3 is a novel regulator of trafficking along the endosomal pathway.
Control of nonapoptotic developmental cell death in Caenorhabditis elegans by a polyglutamine-repeat protein.
pTAC2, -6, and -12 are components of the transcriptionally active plastid chromosome that are required for plastid gene expression.
MOS2, a protein containing G-patch and KOW motifs, is essential for innate immunity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Hypomorphic homozygous mutations in phosphoglucomutase 3 (PGM3) impair immunity and increase serum IgE levels.
The alpha- and beta-subunits of the jacalins are cleavage products from a 17-kDa precursor.
An epidermal growth factor-like toxin and two sodium channel toxins from the sea anemone Stichodactyla gigantea.
cDNA cloning of FRIL, a lectin from Dolichos lablab, that preserves hematopoietic progenitors in suspension culture.
Gene regulation by O2 deprivation: an anoxia-regulated novel gene in Drosophila melanogaster.
Periplasmic phosphorylation of lipid A is linked to the synthesis of undecaprenyl phosphate.
The Arabidopsis nuclear DAL gene encodes a chloroplast protein which is required for the maturation of the plastid ribosomal RNAs and is essential for chloroplast differentiation.
Exploring the ESCRTing machinery in eukaryotes.
The Arabidopsis Golgi-localized GDP-L-fucose transporter is required for plant development.
Molecular cloning and characterization of the aroD gene encoding 3-dehydroquinase from Salmonella typhi.
Retinoid-dependent recruitment of a histone H1 displacement activity by retinoic acid receptor.
Expression of alternatively spliced interleukin-1 receptor accessory protein mRNAs is differentially regulated during inflammation and apoptosis.
Differential utilization of the same reading frame in a Xenopus homeobox gene encodes two related proteins sharing the same DNA-binding specificity.
Characterization of zebrafish Esrom (Myc-binding protein 2) RCC1-like domain splice variants.
Identification of MAVS splicing variants that interfere with RIGI/MAVS pathway signaling.
Differential arginine methylation of the G-protein pathway suppressor GPS-2 recognized by tumor-specific T cells in melanoma.
Cloning and overexpression of the oah1 gene encoding O-acetyl-L-homoserine sulfhydrylase of Thermus thermophilus HB8 and characterization of the gene product.
A protein which binds preferentially to single-stranded core sequence of autonomously replicating sequence is essential for respiratory function in mitochondrial of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Molecular characterization of a putative plant homolog of MBD4 DNA glycosylase.
The role of alternative mRNA splicing in generating heterogeneity within the Anopheles gambiae class I glutathione S-transferase family.
Peptidoglycan synthetic activities in membranes of Escherichia coli caused by overproduction of penicillin-binding protein 2 and rodA protein.
Identification of a cDNA coding for a fifth form of myelin basic protein in mouse.
A conserved C-terminal R<i>X</i>G motif in the NgBR subunit of <i>cis</i>-prenyltransferase is critical for prenyltransferase activity.
Expression of fibulin-6 in failing hearts and its role for cardiac fibroblast migration.
Genomic analysis of DUSP6, a dual specificity MAP kinase phosphatase, in pancreatic cancer.
Generation of multiple farnesoid-X-receptor isoforms through the use of alternative promoters.
Isolation and expression pattern of three mouse homologues of chick Rgm.
Identification of a large Myc-binding protein that contains RCC1-like repeats.
The human homologue of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Gle1p is required for poly(A)+ RNA export.
Multiplicity of 3-Ketosteroid-9α-Hydroxylase enzymes in Rhodococcus rhodochrous DSM43269 for specific degradation of different classes of steroids.
2E4 (kaptin): a novel actin-associated protein from human blood platelets found in lamellipodia and the tips of the stereocilia of the inner ear.
Purification and partial characterisation of alpha(2)-antiplasmin and plasmin(ogen) from ostrich plasma.
A new Augmin subunit, Msd1, demonstrates the importance of mitotic spindle-templated microtubule nucleation in the absence of functioning centrosomes.
Human colorectal cancers express a constitutively active cholecystokinin-B/gastrin receptor that stimulates cell growth.
A deficiency screen of the major autosomes identifies a gene (matrimony) that is haplo-insufficient for achiasmate segregation in Drosophila oocytes.
Rad6-Rad18 mediates a eukaryotic SOS response by ubiquitinating the 9-1-1 checkpoint clamp.
A disulphide-linked heterodimer of TWIK-1 and TREK-1 mediates passive conductance in astrocytes.
Consequences of Hox gene duplication in the vertebrates: an investigation of the zebrafish Hox paralogue group 1 genes.
Luna, a Drosophila KLF6/KLF7, is maternally required for synchronized nuclear and centrosome cycles in the preblastoderm embryo.
Genetic interaction between G2/M phase-specific transcription factor MYB3R4 and MAPKKK ANP3 for execution of cytokinesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Tricellulin is a tight-junction protein necessary for hearing.
Inventory of the superfamily of P-type ion pumps in Arabidopsis.
Identification of a methylase required for 2-methylhopanoid production and implications for the interpretation of sedimentary hopanes.
Mutations in the GIGYF2 (TNRC15) gene at the PARK11 locus in familial Parkinson disease.
A Genetic Screen for Mutations Affecting Cell Division in the Arabidopsis thaliana Embryo Identifies Seven Loci Required for Cytokinesis.
Structure and expression pattern of human ALR, a novel gene with strong homology to ALL-1 involved in acute leukemia and to Drosophila trithorax.
Networking senescence-regulating pathways by using Arabidopsis enhancer trap lines.
Biochemical function of female-lethal (2)D/Wilms' tumor suppressor-1-associated proteins in alternative pre-mRNA splicing.
A mutational analysis of leaf morphogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cloning, mapping, and expression of a novel brain-specific transcript in the familial dysautonomia candidate region on chromosome 9q31.
Nucleotide sequence of the full-length mouse lamin C cDNA and its deduced amino-acid sequence.
Global probabilistic annotation of metabolic networks enables enzyme discovery.
Novel melanoma antigen, FCRL/FREB, identified by cDNA profile comparison using DNA chip are immunogenic in multiple melanoma patients.
Proteomic analysis and purification of an unusual germin-like protein with proteolytic activity in the latex of Thevetia peruviana.
C. elegans EGL-9 and mammalian homologs define a family of dioxygenases that regulate HIF by prolyl hydroxylation.
CED-12/ELMO, a novel member of the CrkII/Dock180/Rac pathway, is required for phagocytosis and cell migration.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3 is a potential drug target for African trypanosomiasis therapy.
Identification of UGT84A13 as a candidate enzyme for the first committed step of gallotannin biosynthesis in pedunculate oak (Quercus robur).
Grb10/GrbIR as an in vivo substrate of Tec tyrosine kinase.
Identification of novel Nox4 splice variants with impact on ROS levels in A549 cells.
KCNQ5, a novel potassium channel broadly expressed in brain, mediates M-type currents.
Amino-acid sequence of a Ca2+ + Mg2+-dependent ATPase from rabbit muscle sarcoplasmic reticulum, deduced from its complementary DNA sequence.
Identification of novel F-box proteins in Xenopus laevis.
Sequence and analysis of chromosome 2 of the plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cross-kingdom comparison of transcriptomic adjustments to low-oxygen stress highlights conserved and plant-specific responses.
Antifungal innate immunity in C. elegans: PKCdelta links G protein signaling and a conserved p38 MAPK cascade.
A novel meprin beta' mRNA in mouse embryonal and human colon carcinoma cells.
A novel nitrate/nitrite permease in the marine Cyanobacterium synechococcus sp. strain PCC 7002.
EPOP Interacts with Elongin BC and USP7 to Modulate the Chromatin Landscape.
EPOP Functionally Links Elongin and Polycomb in Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Novel members of the Vesl/Homer family of PDZ proteins that bind metabotropic glutamate receptors.
N-acetylglucosamine-6-phosphate deacetylase from Escherichia coli: purification and molecular and kinetic characterization.
Alternative splicing of human dystrophin mRNA generates isoforms at the carboxy terminus.
Characterization of the final two genes of the gibberellin biosynthesis gene cluster of Gibberella fujikuroi: des and P450-3 encode GA4 desaturase and the 13-hydroxylase, respectively.
Cloning, expression, and functional characterization of secondary amino acid transporters of Lactococcus lactis.
Crystal structures of Escherichia coli exonuclease I in complex with single-stranded DNA provide insights into the mechanism of processive digestion.
The Arabidopsis lue1 mutant defines a katanin p60 ortholog involved in hormonal control of microtubule orientation during cell growth.
Inositol trisphosphate mediates a RAS-independent response to LET-23 receptor tyrosine kinase activation in C. elegans.
Immunolocalization of the Nuk receptor tyrosine kinase suggests roles in segmental patterning of the brain and axonogenesis.
Synthesis of 11-hydroxyl O-methylsterigmatocystin and the role of a cytochrome P-450 in the final step of aflatoxin biosynthesis.
A Caenorhabditis elegans JNK signal transduction pathway regulates coordinated movement via type-D GABAergic motor neurons.
Multifactorial induction of an orphan PKS-NRPS gene cluster in Aspergillus terreus.
A DNA ligase from a hyperthermophilic archaeon with unique cofactor specificity.
Induction of Arabidopsis defense genes by virulent and avirulent Pseudomonas syringae strains and by a cloned avirulence gene.
Autotaxin has lysophospholipase D activity leading to tumor cell growth and motility by lysophosphatidic acid production.
Novel protein kinase of Arabidopsis thaliana (APK1) that phosphorylates tyrosine, serine and threonine.
A Dedicated Type II NADPH Dehydrogenase Performs the Penultimate Step in the Biosynthesis of Vitamin K1 in Synechocystis and Arabidopsis.
Subunit composition of the glycyl radical enzyme p-hydroxyphenylacetate decarboxylase. A small subunit, HpdC, is essential for catalytic activity.
Cloning, sequence analysis, and expression of ansB from Pseudomonas fluorescens, encoding periplasmic glutaminase/asparaginase.
Alarin is a vasoactive peptide.
Human mucin gene MUC5AC: organization of its 5'-region and central repetitive region.
Substitution of Gly-96 to Ala in the 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase of Klebsiella pneumoniae results in a greatly reduced affinity for the herbicide glyphosate.
Purification and characterization of the lipase of Pseudomonas fragi.
Junctional adhesion molecule-C is a soluble mediator of angiogenesis.
BCL8 is a novel, evolutionarily conserved human gene family encoding proteins with presumptive protein kinase A anchoring function.
Molecular and functional characterization of s-KCNQ1 potassium channel from rectal gland of Squalus acanthias.
Widespread endogenization of genome sequences of non-retroviral RNA viruses into plant genomes.
MRP9, an unusual truncated member of the ABC transporter superfamily, is highly expressed in breast cancer.
Chicken NFI/TGGCA proteins are encoded by at least three independent genes: NFI-A, NFI-B and NFI-C with homologues in mammalian genomes.
Entamoeba histolytica has an alcohol dehydrogenase homologous to the multifunctional adhE gene product of Escherichia coli.
Identification of a truncated dual oxidase 2 (DUOX2) messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) in two rat thyroid cell lines. Insulin and forskolin regulation of DUOX2 mRNA levels in FRTL-5 cells and porcine thyrocytes.
Gymnin, a potent defensin-like antifungal peptide from the Yunnan bean (Gymnocladus chinensis Baill).
Two N-terminal acetyltransferases antagonistically regulate the stability of a nod-like receptor in Arabidopsis.
Penicillopepsin-JT2, a recombinant enzyme from Penicillium janthinellum and the contribution of a hydrogen bond in subsite S3 to k(cat).
Rice homeobox transcription factor HOX1a positively regulates gibberellin responses by directly suppressing EL1.
Morinda citrifolia lipid transfer protein 1 exhibits anti-inflammatory activity by modulation of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines.
Molecular characterisation of ABC transporter type FtsE and FtsX proteins of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Cloning, nucleotide sequence, and transcriptional analysis of the Pediococcus acidilactici L-(+)-lactate dehydrogenase gene.
Identification, partial characterization, and genetic mapping of kinesin-like protein genes in mouse.
Structural analysis of Arabidopsis thaliana chromosome 3. II. Sequence features of the 4,251,695 bp regions covered by 90 P1, TAC and BAC clones.
Mouse ING1 homologue, a protein interacting with A1, enhances cell death and is inhibited by A1 in mammary epithelial cells.
Plasmid location of Borrelia purine biosynthesis gene homologs.
Cloning of Human Myelin Protein Zero-like Genes by Bioinformatics Strategy.
Contrasting Roles of the Apoplastic Aspartyl Protease APOPLASTIC, ENHANCED DISEASE SUSCEPTIBILITY1-DEPENDENT1 and LEGUME LECTIN-LIKE PROTEIN1 in Arabidopsis Systemic Acquired Resistance.
Perilipin-related protein regulates lipid metabolism in C. elegans.
vesl, a gene encoding VASP/Ena family related protein, is upregulated during seizure, long-term potentiation and synaptogenesis.
Related fibroblast growth factor receptor genes exist in the human genome.
A new human gene complex encoding the killer cell inhibitory receptors and related monocyte/macrophage receptors.
A newly identified myomegalin isoform functions in Golgi microtubule organization and ER-Golgi transport.
Genes required for functional glycosylation of dystroglycan are conserved in zebrafish.
Bacillus subtilis MntR coordinates the transcriptional regulation of manganese uptake and efflux systems.
Absence of the prion protein homologue Doppel causes male sterility.
Longipin: An Amyloid Antimicrobial Peptide from the Harvestman Acutisoma longipes (Arachnida: Opiliones) with Preferential Affinity for Anionic Vesicles.
Identification of EPSTI1, a novel gene induced by epithelial-stromal interaction in human breast cancer.
Corrigendum: NLRP10 is a NOD-like receptor essential to initiate adaptive immunity by dendritic cells.
Genes encoding multiple drug resistance-like proteins in Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillus flavus.
Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptors are strongly expressed in the nervous system, pharynx, intestine, gonad and excretory cell of Caenorhabditis elegans and are encoded by a single gene (itr-1).
Molecular cloning and characterization of LAPTM4B, a novel gene upregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Virulence of Agrobacterium tumefaciens requires phosphatidylcholine in the bacterial membrane.
Novel purification of the catalytic domain of Golgi alpha-mannosidase II. Characterization and comparison with the intact enzyme.
The C. elegans lethal gut-obstructed gob-1 gene is trehalose-6-phosphate phosphatase.
LysM domains of Medicago truncatula NFP protein involved in Nod factor perception. Glycosylation state, molecular modeling and docking of chitooligosaccharides and Nod factors.
Activation of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase pathway by a novel protein kinase related to human germinal center kinase.
Structural and Functional Elucidation of Peptide Ts11 Shows Evidence of a Novel Subfamily of Scorpion Venom Toxins.
Alzheimer's disease amyloidogenic glycoprotein: expression pattern in rat brain suggests a role in cell contact.
Identification of mutations in HSF4 in dogs of three different breeds with hereditary cataracts.
The allele MICB 0050204, over-represented in the Caucasian population, has an additional exon resulting from a new splice junction sequence.
Escherichia coli fumarase A catalyzes the isomerization of enol and keto oxalacetic acid.
Recognition and detoxification of the insecticide DDT by Drosophila melanogaster glutathione S-transferase D1.
Involvement of retinoblastoma protein and HBP1 in histone H1(0) gene expression.
Rab geranylgeranyl transferase alpha mutation in the gunmetal mouse reduces Rab prenylation and platelet synthesis.
Coordinate expression of NADPH-dependent flavin reductase, Fre-1, and Hint-related 7meGMP-directed hydrolase, DCS-1.
Hodgkin's lymphoma cell lines express a fusion protein encoded by intergenically spliced mRNA for the multilectin receptor DEC-205 (CD205) and a novel C-type lectin receptor DCL-1.
Alternate splice variants of the hemochromatosis gene Hfe.
The RNAi Inheritance Machinery of <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i>.
Sequence and genetic organization of a Bacillus subtilis operon encoding 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate biosynthetic enzymes.
Cloning and characterization of three novel genes, ALS2CR1, ALS2CR2, and ALS2CR3, in the juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS2) critical region at chromosome 2q33-q34: candidate genes for ALS2.
Molecular characterization and analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitumor antibiotic mitomycin C from Streptomyces lavendulae NRRL 2564.
Alternative splicing generates two distinct transcripts for the Drosophila melanogaster fibroblast growth factor receptor homolog.
Isolation of the human peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma cDNA: expression in hematopoietic cells and chromosomal mapping.
Molecular characterization of an operon (hyp) necessary for the activity of the three hydrogenase isoenzymes in Escherichia coli.
cDNA sequence, genomic structure, and expression of the mouse dematin gene (Epb4.9).
Perturbations of Drosophila alpha-actinin cause muscle paralysis, weakness, and atrophy but do not confer obvious nonmuscle phenotypes.
3-Keto-5-aminohexanoate cleavage enzyme: a common fold for an uncommon Claisen-type condensation.
Letal, A tumor-associated NKG2D immunoreceptor ligand, induces activation and expansion of effector immune cells.
Cloning and analysis of cDNA encoding a major airway glycoprotein, human tracheobronchial mucin (MUC5).
Analysis of Arabidopsis glucose insensitive mutants, gin5 and gin6, reveals a central role of the plant hormone ABA in the regulation of plant vegetative development by sugar.
cDNA cloning and gene mapping of human homologs for Schizosaccharomyces pombe rad17, rad1, and hus1 and cloning of homologs from mouse, Caenorhabditis elegans, and Drosophila melanogaster.
Analysis of the gene-dense major histocompatibility complex class III region and its comparison to mouse.
The human GATA-6 gene: structure, chromosomal location, and regulation of expression by tissue-specific and mitogen-responsive signals.
Peroxisomal isocitrate lyase of the n-alkane-assimilating yeast Candida tropicalis: gene analysis and characterization.
OsFTIP7 determines auxin-mediated anther dehiscence in rice.
A semi-dominant mutation in the ribosomal protein L10 gene suppresses the dwarf phenotype of the acl5 mutant in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Activation of the pro-drug ethionamide is regulated in mycobacteria.
Mutations in the SGR4, SGR5 and SGR6 loci of Arabidopsis thaliana alter the shoot gravitropism.
Involvement of a GHKL ATPase in RNA-directed DNA methylation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Interactions between EHD proteins and Rab11-FIP2: a role for EHD3 in early endosomal transport.
Molecular cloning and chromosomal localization of one of the human glutamate receptor genes.
Differential expression and regulation of multiple dynamins.
Identification of plant cytoskeletal, cell cycle-related and polarity-related proteins using Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
A striking organization of a large family of human neural cadherin-like cell adhesion genes.
Characterization of the venom from the Australian scorpion Urodacus yaschenkoi: Molecular mass analysis of components, cDNA sequences and peptides with antimicrobial activity.
Human ventricular/slow twitch myosin alkali light chain gene characterization, sequence, and chromosomal location.
The nuclear hormone receptor coactivator SRC-1 is a specific target of p300.
The large subunit of the mammalian mitochondrial ribosome. Analysis of the complement of ribosomal proteins present.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa Exopolyphosphatase Is Also a Polyphosphate: ADP Phosphotransferase.
Piccolo, a Ca2+ sensor in pancreatic beta-cells. Involvement of cAMP-GEFII.Rim2. Piccolo complex in cAMP-dependent exocytosis.
Overexpressing HRS1 confers hypersensitivity to low phosphate-elicited inhibition of primary root growth in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The LSD1-interacting protein GILP is a LITAF domain protein that negatively regulates hypersensitive cell death in Arabidopsis.
Transcription factor AtMYB103 is required for anther development by regulating tapetum development, callose dissolution and exine formation in Arabidopsis.
Role of the host-selective ACT-toxin synthesis gene ACTTS2 encoding an enoyl-reductase in pathogenicity of the tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata.
Darcin: a male pheromone that stimulates female memory and sexual attraction to an individual male's odour.
Tryptophan-degrading enzymes in tumoral immune resistance.
Reconstitution of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter in yeast.
Mutation of a gene essential for ribosome biogenesis, EMG1, causes Bowen-Conradi syndrome.
Cloning, expression, and localization of a rat hepatocyte inwardly rectifying potassium channel.
Niemann-Pick C1 Like 1 protein is critical for intestinal cholesterol absorption.
Characterization of a neural-specific splicing form of the human neuregulin 3 gene involved in oligodendrocyte survival.
CNP-1 (ARRD-17), a novel substrate of calcineurin, is critical for modulation of egg-laying and locomotion in response to food and lysine sensation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The kyphoscoliosis (ky) mouse is deficient in hypertrophic responses and is caused by a mutation in a novel muscle-specific protein.
Evidence for a third transcript from the human factor VIII gene.
Genomic organization of the genes Gtf2ird1, Gtf2i, and Ncf1 at the mouse chromosome 5 region syntenic to the human chromosome 7q11.23 Williams syndrome critical region.
Isoforms of steroid receptor co-activator 1 differ in their ability to potentiate transcription by the oestrogen receptor.
A cluster of ten novel MHC class I related genes on human chromosome 6q24.2-q25.3.
cDNA cloning and characterization of human and mouse Ca(2+)-independent phosphatidylethanolamine N-acyltransferases.
The BED finger domain protein MIG-39 halts migration of distal tip cells in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A novel mechanism of alternative promoter and splicing regulates the epitope generation of tumor antigen CML66-L.
Alternatively spliced forms of human killer inhibitory receptors.
Functional characterization of a synthetic hydrophilic antifungal peptide derived from the marine snail Cenchritis muricatus.
Molecular characterization and chromosomal localization of a third alpha-class hypoxia inducible factor subunit, HIF3alpha.
Cloning and regional assignment of the human myosin heavy chain 12 (MYH12) gene to chromosome band 15q21.
Identification and characterization of a stress-inducible and a constitutive small heat-shock protein targeted to the matrix of plant peroxisomes.
Homologies in both primary and secondary structure between nuclear envelope and intermediate filament proteins.
Precise localization of the voltage-gated potassium channel subunits Kv3.1b and Kv3.3 revealed in the molecular layer of the rat cerebellar cortex by a pre-embedding immunogold method.
PRiMA: the membrane anchor of acetylcholinesterase in the brain.
Panoramic view of a superfamily of phosphatases through substrate profiling.
Low temperature regulation of the Arabidopsis CBF family of AP2 transcriptional activators as an early step in cold-induced COR gene expression.
Shape and DNA packaging activity of bacteriophage SPP1 procapsid: protein components and interactions during assembly.
Holo-(acyl carrier protein) synthase and phosphopantetheinyl transfer in Escherichia coli.
derrière: a TGF-beta family member required for posterior development in Xenopus.
Molecular cloning and characterization of AAAS-V2, a novel splice variant of human AAAS.
Presence of alternative 5' untranslated sequences and identification of cells expressing ctk transcripts in the brain and testis.
cDNA cloning and tissue distribution of five human EPH-like receptor protein-tyrosine kinases.
Purification and characterization of an esterase hydrolyzing monoalkyl phthalates from Micrococcus sp. YGJ1.
Mdb1, a fission yeast homolog of human MDC1, modulates DNA damage response and mitotic spindle function.
Purification and characterization of a novel glycine oxidase from Bacillus subtilis.
An abundant, truncated human sulfonylurea receptor 1 splice variant has prodiabetic properties and impairs sulfonylurea action.
A novel Porphyromonas gingivalis FeoB plays a role in manganese accumulation.
A new system for naming ribosomal proteins.
Amino acid sequence of the Anthopleura xanthogrammica heart stimulant, anthopleurin A.
root uv-b sensitive mutants are suppressed by specific mutations in ASPARTATE AMINOTRANSFERASE2 and by exogenous vitamin B6.
Molecular cloning, expression, purification and characterization of calcineurin from bovine cardiac muscle.
Escherichia coli E-39 ADPglucose synthetase has different activation kinetics from the wild-type allosteric enzyme.
Structure of D-tyrosyl-tRNATyr deacylase using home-source Cu Kalpha and moderate-quality iodide-SAD data: structural polymorphism and HEPES-bound enzyme states.
Genetic analysis of late-onset type 2 diabetes in a mouse model of human complex trait.
Structural and functional insights into DNA-end processing by the archaeal HerA helicase-NurA nuclease complex.
Enhanced levels of both the membrane-bound and soluble forms of IgM Fc receptor (FcμR) in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The vibrator mutation causes neurodegeneration via reduced expression of PITP alpha: positional complementation cloning and extragenic suppression.
Characterization of a heat-stable protein with antimicrobial activity from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in NnaD mutant flies and Purkinje cell degeneration mice reveals a role for Nna proteins in neuronal bioenergetics.
Genetic variation at the 22q11 PRODH2/DGCR6 locus presents an unusual pattern and increases susceptibility to schizophrenia.
Multiple promoters direct expression of three AKAP12 isoforms with distinct subcellular and tissue distribution profiles.
Characterization of alternative splicing products of bZIP transcription factors OsABI5.
IFP 35 forms complexes with B-ATF, a member of the AP1 family of transcription factors.
nag genes of Ralstonia (formerly Pseudomonas) sp. strain U2 encoding enzymes for gentisate catabolism.
Partial Saturation of Menaquinone in <i>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</i>: Function and Essentiality of a Novel Reductase, MenJ.
The mouse homologue of the leukocyte-associated Ig-like receptor-1 is an inhibitory receptor that recruits Src homology region 2-containing protein tyrosine phosphatase (SHP)-2, but not SHP-1.
Catalytic activity of the two-component flavin-dependent monooxygenase from Pseudomonas aeruginosa toward cinnamic acid derivatives.
Identification of mutations in two major mRNA isoforms of the Chediak-Higashi syndrome gene in human and mouse.
The novel catabolic pathway of 3,6-anhydro-L-galactose, the main component of red macroalgae, in a marine bacterium.
Role of laccase in the biology and virulence of Cryptococcus neoformans.
NF-AT components define a family of transcription factors targeted in T-cell activation.
Purification and some properties of an IMP-specific 5'-nucleotidase from yeast.
AIP1 is a novel Agenet/Tudor domain protein from Arabidopsis that interacts with regulators of DNA replication, transcription and chromatin remodeling.
Primary structure of hepatocyte nuclear factor/forkhead homologue 4 and characterization of gene expression in the developing respiratory and reproductive epithelium.
Molecular cloning of cDNAs for mouse low-molecular-weight and high-molecular-weight prekininogens.
Myocardin is a critical serum response factor cofactor in the transcriptional program regulating smooth muscle cell differentiation.
Cynomolgus monkey testicular cDNAs for discovery of novel human genes in the human genome sequence.
Identification of a hyaluronidase, Hyal5, involved in penetration of mouse sperm through cumulus mass.
Kinesin-4 Functions in Vesicular Transport on Cortical Microtubules and Regulates Cell Wall Mechanics during Cell Elongation in Plants.
Antifungal activity of storage 2S albumins from seeds of the invasive weed dandelion Taraxacum officinale Wigg.
Piperine inhibits aflatoxin B1 production in Aspergillus flavus by modulating fungal oxidative stress response.
Functional analysis of the selective autophagy related gene Acatg11 in Acremonium chrysogenum.
Alternative splicing of exon 14 determines nuclear or cytoplasmic localisation of fmr1 protein isoforms.
Catalytic function of the mycobacterial binuclear iron monooxygenase in acetone metabolism.
Dorsal-B, a splice variant of the Drosophila factor Dorsal, is a novel Rel/NF-kappaB transcriptional activator.
Identification of rat EMAP, a delta-glutamate receptor binding protein.
The three-dimensional crystal structure of the PrpF protein of Shewanella oneidensis complexed with trans-aconitate: insights into its biological function.
X-ray structural studies of the fungal laccase from Cerrena maxima.
Antisilencing role of the RNA-directed DNA methylation pathway and a histone acetyltransferase in Arabidopsis.
Novel B219/OB receptor isoforms: possible role of leptin in hematopoiesis and reproduction.
Mitochondrial transcription terminator family members mTTF and mTerf5 have opposing roles in coordination of mtDNA synthesis.
Vejovine, a new antibiotic from the scorpion venom of Vaejovis mexicanus.
The glycosyltransferase gene encoding the enzyme catalyzing the first step of mycothiol biosynthesis (mshA).
Cloning and functional characterization of LCR-F1: a bZIP transcription factor that activates erythroid-specific, human globin gene expression.
Nucleotide sequence of the gelatinase gene (gelE) from Enterococcus faecalis subsp. liquefaciens.
Comparison of MUC-1 mucin expression in epithelial and non-epithelial cancer cell lines and demonstration of a new short variant form (MUC-1/Z).
A new family of StART domain proteins at membrane contact sites has a role in ER-PM sterol transport.
Isolation and sequencing of a cDNA clone encoding 96 kDa sialoglycoprotein in rat liver lysosomal membranes.
Evidence for the monophyletic evolution of benzylisoquinoline alkaloid biosynthesis in angiosperms.
Role of the Sec14-like domain of Dbl family exchange factors in the regulation of Rho family GTPases in different subcellular sites.
Identification of Drosophila cytoskeletal proteins by induction of abnormal cell shape in fission yeast.
Molecular isolation and characterization of novel four subisoforms of ECE-2.
Genomic structure and mutational analysis of the human KIF1Balpha gene located at 1p36.2 in neuroblastoma.
Ectoine and hydroxyectoine as protectants against osmotic and cold stress: uptake through the SigB-controlled betaine-choline- carnitine transporter-type carrier EctT from Virgibacillus pantothenticus.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF)/NK1 is a naturally occurring HGF/scatter factor variant with partial agonist/antagonist activity.
Molecular cloning of wound inducible transcript (wit 3.0) differentially expressed in edentulous oral mucosa undergoing tooth extraction wound-healing.
Deep EST profiling of developing fenugreek endosperm to investigate galactomannan biosynthesis and its regulation.
Expression and localization of tissue kallikrein mRNAs in human epidermis and appendages.
Identification of mouse mammary fibroblast-derived mammary growth factor as hepatocyte growth factor.
Intracellular maturation of the mouse metalloprotease disintegrin MDC15.
Characterization of an associated microfibril protein through recombinant DNA techniques.
Secretion of two novel enzymes, manganese 9S-lipoxygenase and epoxy alcohol synthase, by the rice pathogen Magnaporthe salvinii.
Histidine modification and mutagenesis point to the involvement of a large conformational change in the mechanism of action of phage lambda lysozyme.
Characterization of a Mis12 homologue in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Discovering neuropeptides in Caenorhabditis elegans by two dimensional liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry.
Purification, nucleotide sequence and some properties of a bifunctional isomerase/decarboxylase from the homoprotocatechuate degradative pathway of Escherichia coli C.
The XHex homeobox gene is expressed during development of the vascular endothelium: overexpression leads to an increase in vascular endothelial cell number.
Biochemical, immunological and clinical characterization of a cross-reactive nonspecific lipid transfer protein 1 from mulberry.
Molecular cloning of Drosophila HCF reveals proteolytic processing and self-association of the encoded protein.
The function of ORAOV1/LTO1, a gene that is overexpressed frequently in cancer: essential roles in the function and biogenesis of the ribosome.
Isolation of PSD-Zip45, a novel Homer/vesl family protein containing leucine zipper motifs, from rat brain.
Isolation and characterization of cDNAs for the protein kinase HIPK2.
The Arabidopsis cucumovirus multiplication 1 and 2 loci encode translation initiation factors 4E and 4G.
A molecular pathway for CO₂ response in Arabidopsis guard cells.
Structure and kinetics of phosphonopyruvate hydrolase from Variovorax sp. Pal2: new insight into the divergence of catalysis within the PEP mutase/isocitrate lyase superfamily.
A nonpyrrolysine member of the widely distributed trimethylamine methyltransferase family is a glycine betaine methyltransferase.
Protein kinase SGK mediates survival signals by phosphorylating the forkhead transcription factor FKHRL1 (FOXO3a).
Cloning and characterization of the human IFT20 gene.
Characterization of a novel splicing variant of KLHL5, a member of the kelch protein family.
A new polypeptide toxin from the nematocyst venom of an Okinawan sea anemone Phyllodiscus semoni (Japanese name "unbachi-isoginchaku").
The cauliflower Orange gene enhances petiole elongation by suppressing expression of eukaryotic release factor 1.
Identification of a Drosophila G protein alpha subunit (dGq alpha-3) expressed in chemosensory cells and central neurons.
Molecular analysis of 10 coding regions from Arabidopsis that are homologous to the MUR3 xyloglucan galactosyltransferase.
Cloning and expression of the fadH gene and characterization of the gene product 2,4-dienoyl coenzyme A reductase from Escherichia coli.
Conservation within the RIC-3 gene family. Effectors of mammalian nicotinic acetylcholine receptor expression.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a soluble inorganic pyrophosphatase in potato.
Kinesin family in murine central nervous system.
Characterization of the osmotically inducible gene osmE of Escherichia coli K-12.
Ustilago maydis produces itaconic acid via the unusual intermediate trans-aconitate.
Amino acid sequence of the b subunit of human factor XIII, a protein composed of ten repetitive segments.
Activity and substrate specificity of the murine STK2 Serine/Threonine kinase that is structurally related to the mitotic regulator protein NIMA of Aspergillus nidulans.
An Arabidopsis thaliana root-specific kinase homolog is induced by dehydration, ABA, and NaCl.
Neuronal calcium sensor-1 modulation of optimal calcium level for neurite outgrowth.
CPEB interacts with an ovary-specific eIF4E and 4E-T in early Xenopus oocytes.
D-Hillarin, a novel W180-domain protein, affects cytokinesis through interaction with the septin family member Pnut.
A novel variant of human Grb7 is associated with invasive esophageal carcinoma.
Property differences among the four major Candida albicans strain clades.
Isolation and characterization of mammalian HDAC10, a novel histone deacetylase.
Arabidopsis peroxisomes possess functionally redundant membrane and matrix isoforms of monodehydroascorbate reductase.
Endoglin controls blood vessel diameter through endothelial cell shape changes in response to haemodynamic cues.
DNA repair. PAXX, a paralog of XRCC4 and XLF, interacts with Ku to promote DNA double-strand break repair.
Structure, expression, chromosomal location and product of the gene encoding ADH1 in Petunia.
Characterization of the phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene from Corynebacterium glutamicum and significance of the enzyme for growth and amino acid production.
Characterization of Arabidopsis CTP:3-deoxy-D-manno-2-octulosonate cytidylyltransferase (CMP-KDO synthetase), the enzyme that activates KDO during rhamnogalacturonan II biosynthesis.
Gut microbiota. Antimicrobial peptide resistance mediates resilience of prominent gut commensals during inflammation.
Soluble member(s) of the mesothelin/megakaryocyte potentiating factor family are detectable in sera from patients with ovarian carcinoma.
Identification and characterization of a novel Golgi protein, golgin-67.
A novel juxtamembrane domain isoform of HER4/ErbB4. Isoform-specific tissue distribution and differential processing in response to phorbol ester.
Murine model of Niemann-Pick C disease: mutation in a cholesterol homeostasis gene.
A novel class of MYB factors controls sperm-cell formation in plants.
A novel form of fibroblast growth factor receptor 2. Alternative splicing of the third immunoglobulin-like domain confers ligand binding specificity.
Detailed analysis of the human mitochondrial contact site complex indicate a hierarchy of subunits.
The receptor kinase family: primary structure of rhodopsin kinase reveals similarities to the beta-adrenergic receptor kinase.
Restricted germ cell expression of a gene encoding a novel mammalian HORMA domain-containing protein.
Interplay between ethylene, ETP1/ETP2 F-box proteins, and degradation of EIN2 triggers ethylene responses in Arabidopsis.
Sequence of the myosin light chain 1/3 isolated from a rabbit fast skeletal muscle lambda library.
Alternative splicing of C-terminal tail of prostaglandin E receptor subtype EP3 determines G-protein specificity.
DNA sequence of the Escherichia coli K-12 gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase gene, ggt.
The N-terminal hydrophobic sequence of autotaxin (ENPP2) functions as a signal peptide.
Isolation of a novel cDNA enriched in the undifferentiated chick retina and lens.
Characterization of a novel human putative mitochondrial transporter homologous to the yeast mitochondrial RNA splicing proteins 3 and 4.
Molecular and functional characterization of intestinal Na(+)-dependent neutral amino acid transporter B0.
Genetic basis of hemolytic anemia caused by pyrimidine 5' nucleotidase deficiency.
Id gene expression during development and molecular cloning of the human Id-1 gene.
Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase of Escherichia coli, Identification of a mutant enzyme.
Two distinct types of cardiotoxin as revealed by the structure and activity relationship of their interaction with zwitterionic phospholipid dispersions.
Cyclic di-AMP is critical for Listeria monocytogenes growth, cell wall homeostasis, and establishment of infection.
COX-3, a cyclooxygenase-1 variant inhibited by acetaminophen and other analgesic/antipyretic drugs: cloning, structure, and expression.
Architecture of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter.
Conservation of PCDHX in mammals; expression of human X/Y genes predominantly in brain.
Molecular cloning and heterologous expression of an alternatively spliced human Mu class glutathione S-transferase transcript.
Vibrio cholerae FabV defines a new class of enoyl-acyl carrier protein reductase.
ATP-binding and -hydrolysis activities of ALDP (ABCD1) and ALDRP (ABCD2), human peroxisomal ABC proteins, overexpressed in Sf21 cells.
Cloning of Drosophila transcription factor Adf-1 reveals homology to Myb oncoproteins.
A Glial K/Cl Transporter Controls Neuronal Receptive Ending Shape by Chloride Inhibition of an rGC.
PomZ, a ParA-like protein, regulates Z-ring formation and cell division in Myxococcus xanthus.
A new hereditary cataract mouse with lens rupture.
Cloning and sequence of full-length cDNAs encoding the human neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) subunits beta3 and beta4 and expression of seven nAChR subunits in the human neuroblastoma cell line SH-SY5Y and/or IMR-32.
Regulation of active site coupling in glutamine-dependent NAD(+) synthetase.
Diversity of conotoxin gene superfamilies in the venomous snail, Conus victoriae.
Peptidomic dissection of the skin secretion of Phasmahyla jandaia (Bokermann and Sazima, 1978) (Anura, Hylidae, Phyllomedusinae).
The multiplicity of cardiotoxins from Naja naja atra (Taiwan cobra) venom.
alpha-Latrotoxin receptor CIRL/latrophilin 1 (CL1) defines an unusual family of ubiquitous G-protein-linked receptors. G-protein coupling not required for triggering exocytosis.
UDP-galactose 4'-epimerase activities toward UDP-Gal and UDP-GalNAc play different roles in the development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Primary structure of the porcine 89-kDa enamelin.
Xenopus Rbm9 is a novel interactor of XGld2 in the cytoplasmic polyadenylation complex.
The transcriptional cofactor complex CRSP is required for activity of the enhancer-binding protein Sp1.
TMS1, a novel proapoptotic caspase recruitment domain protein, is a target of methylation-induced gene silencing in human breast cancers.
The rice mutant dwarf bamboo shoot 1: a leaky mutant of the NACK-type kinesin-like gene can initiate organ primordia but not organ development.
Co-expression of 15 contiguous genes delineates a fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster in Gibberella moniliformis.
Alternative splicing of IL-24 in melanocytes by deletion of exons 3 and 5.
Genomic structure and promoter analysis of the human alpha1, 6-fucosyltransferase gene (FUT8).
Solution structure, antibacterial activity, and expression profile of Manduca sexta moricin.
Sequence, regulation, and evolution of the maize 22-kD alpha zein gene family.
The DNA sequence and comparative analysis of human chromosome 10.
How hibernation factors RMF, HPF, and YfiA turn off protein synthesis.
A novel amphipathic linear peptide with both insect toxicity and antimicrobial activity from the venom of the scorpion Isometrus maculatus.
OC-116, the chicken ortholog of mammalian MEPE found in eggshell, is also expressed in bone cells.
An actin-based cytoskeleton in archaea.
Polymorphic alleles of the human MEI1 gene are associated with human azoospermia by meiotic arrest.
Proteomic analysis of a eukaryotic cilium.
Crown rootless1, which is essential for crown root formation in rice, is a target of an AUXIN RESPONSE FACTOR in auxin signaling.
Peptidyl-Asp metalloendopeptidase.
Asymmetric p38 activation in zebrafish: its possible role in symmetric and synchronous cleavage.
Two genes for carbohydrate catabolism are divergently transcribed from a region of DNA containing the hexC locus in Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1.
Two genetically-distinct and differentially-regulated aconitases (AcnA and AcnB) in Escherichia coli.
Immunomic analysis of human sarcoma.
Insights into substrate binding and catalysis in bacterial type I dehydroquinase.
FcgammaRIV: a novel FcR with distinct IgG subclass specificity.
A new enzyme involved in the control of the stereochemistry in the decalin formation during equisetin biosynthesis.
HCA and HML isolated from the red marine algae Hypnea cervicornis and Hypnea musciformis define a novel lectin family.
Cloning and expression of a human large-conductance calcium-activated potassium channel.
BNaC1 and BNaC2 constitute a new family of human neuronal sodium channels related to degenerins and epithelial sodium channels.
Jagunal is required for reorganizing the endoplasmic reticulum during Drosophila oogenesis.
Explosive lineage-specific expansion of the orphan nuclear receptor HNF4 in nematodes.
Punc, a novel mouse gene of the immunoglobulin superfamily, is expressed predominantly in the developing nervous system.
Leucine 18, a hydrophobic residue essential for high affinity binding of anthopleurin B to the voltage-sensitive sodium channel.
6-Hydroxycyclohex-1-ene-1-carbonyl-CoA dehydrogenase and 6-oxocyclohex-1-ene-1-carbonyl-CoA hydrolase, enzymes of the benzoyl-CoA pathway of anaerobic aromatic metabolism in the denitrifying bacterium Thauera aromatica.
SIMPLE mutations in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease and the potential role of its protein product in protein degradation.
Analysis of a human cDNA containing a tissue-specific alternatively spliced LIM domain.
Covalent modifications of the catalytic tyrosine in octahaem cytochrome c nitrite reductase and their effect on the enzyme activity.
Cloning and characterization of the Arabidopsis thaliana SQS1 gene encoding squalene synthase--involvement of the C-terminal region of the enzyme in the channeling of squalene through the sterol pathway.
Identification of a new member (ZNF183) of the Ring finger gene family in Xq24-25.
MINAR1 is a Notch2-binding protein that inhibits angiogenesis and breast cancer growth.
Myomerger induces fusion of non-fusogenic cells and is required for skeletal muscle development.
Conserved YjgF protein family deaminates reactive enamine/imine intermediates of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme reactions.
The Escherichia coli relBE genes belong to a new toxin-antitoxin gene family.
The cell shape proteins MreB and MreC control cell morphogenesis by positioning cell wall synthetic complexes.
Cloning and sequencing of the alkaline extracellular protease gene of Yarrowia lipolytica.
The osmZ (bglY) gene encodes the DNA-binding protein H-NS (H1a), a component of the Escherichia coli K12 nucleoid.
A new homeobox-leucine zipper gene from Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular evolution of mollusc shell proteins: insights from proteomic analysis of the edible mussel Mytilus.
Identification and characterization of the echinocandin B biosynthetic gene cluster from Emericella rugulosa NRRL 11440.
LPIAT1 regulates arachidonic acid content in phosphatidylinositol and is required for cortical lamination in mice.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase cascades in plants: a new nomenclature.
Eukaryotic resistance to fluoride toxicity mediated by a widespread family of fluoride export proteins.
The HFE gene undergoes alternate splicing processes.
PopA1, a protein which induces a hypersensitivity-like response on specific Petunia genotypes, is secreted via the Hrp pathway of Pseudomonas solanacearum.
Characterization of a rat myosin alkali light chain gene expressed in ventricular and slow twitch skeletal muscles.
Triazole-linked inhibitors of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase from human and Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Nicotinoprotein (NADH-containing) alcohol dehydrogenase from Rhodococcus erythropolis DSM 1069: an efficient catalyst for coenzyme-independent oxidation of a broad spectrum of alcohols and the interconversion of alcohols and aldehydes.
Cloning and expression of the Mycobacterium bovis BCG gene for extracellular alpha antigen.
Primary and secondary structure of bovine retinal S antigen (48-kDa protein).
The rcbA gene product reduces spontaneous and induced chromosome breaks in Escherichia coli.
Mouse Apg16L, a novel WD-repeat protein, targets to the autophagic isolation membrane with the Apg12-Apg5 conjugate.
Snake venom toxins. The purification and amino acid sequence of toxin TA2 from Dendroaspis angusticeps venom.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XX. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
A novel EVI1 gene family, MEL1, lacking a PR domain (MEL1S) is expressed mainly in t(1;3)(p36;q21)-positive AML and blocks G-CSF-induced myeloid differentiation.
Direct sulfhydrylation for methionine biosynthesis in Leptospira meyeri.
Functional diversity of human basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor TCF4 isoforms generated by alternative 5' exon usage and splicing.
Cloning and characterization of soluble and transmembrane isoforms of a novel component of the murine type I interferon receptor, IFNAR 2.
Novel mechanism for scavenging of hypochlorite involving a periplasmic methionine-rich Peptide and methionine sulfoxide reductase.
Structure, alternative splicing, and expression of the human and mouse KCNIP gene family.
Arabidopsis JINGUBANG Is a Negative Regulator of Pollen Germination That Prevents Pollination in Moist Environments.
Muscle-specific splicing factors ASD-2 and SUP-12 cooperatively switch alternative pre-mRNA processing patterns of the ADF/cofilin gene in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Purification and molecular characterization of the NAD(+)-dependent acetaldehyde/alcohol dehydrogenase from Entamoeba histolytica.
MosA, a protein implicated in rhizopine biosynthesis in Sinorhizobium meliloti L5-30, is a dihydrodipicolinate synthase.
Abnormal splicing of the leptin receptor in diabetic mice.
Interfacial communications in recombinant rabbit kidney pyruvate kinase.
The RIM/NIM family of neuronal C2 domain proteins. Interactions with Rab3 and a new class of Src homology 3 domain proteins.
Ero1-L, an ischemia-inducible gene from rat brain with homology to global ischemia-induced gene 11 (Giig11), is localized to neuronal dendrites by a dispersed identifier (ID) element-dependent mechanism.
JNK functions in the non-canonical Wnt pathway to regulate convergent extension movements in vertebrates.
Spindle assembly checkpoint component CaMad2p is indispensable for Candida albicans survival and virulence in mice.
Mutations in HFM1 in recessive primary ovarian insufficiency.
Scorpion venom peptides without disulfide bridges.
Molecular diversification of peptide toxins from the tarantula Haplopelma hainanum (Ornithoctonus hainana) venom based on transcriptomic, peptidomic, and genomic analyses.
Phenotypic selection and characterization of randomly produced non-haemolytic mutants of the toxic sea anemone protein sticholysin II.
Interactions of three sequentially expressed genes control temporal and spatial specificity in Aspergillus development.
Biosynthesis of the halogenated mycotoxin aspirochlorine in koji mold involves a cryptic amino acid conversion.
ATP: glutamine synthetase adenylyltransferase from Escherichia coli B. Purification and properties.
I-mf, a novel myogenic repressor, interacts with members of the MyoD family.
Location of pinO, a new gene located between tufA and rpsJ, on the physical map of the Escherichia coli chromosome.
Structure of Escherichia coli exonuclease I suggests how processivity is achieved.
Cloning and functional analysis of glutathione peroxidase gene in red swamp crayfish Procambarus clarkii.
The Schizosaccharomyces pombe mra1 gene, which is required for cell growth and mating, can suppress the mating inefficiency caused by a deficit in the Ras1 activity.
Identification of a pathway for the utilization of the Amadori product fructoselysine in Escherichia coli.
Complete cDNA sequence encoding rat high and low molecular weight MAP2.
Characterization of unique and differentially expressed proteins in anthracnose-tolerant Florida hybrid bunch grapes.
Sequence of EMB-1, an mRNA accumulating specifically in embryos of carrot.
The zebrafish iguana locus encodes Dzip1, a novel zinc-finger protein required for proper regulation of Hedgehog signaling.
Control of cell and petal morphogenesis by R2R3 MYB transcription factors.
Characterization of the chromosomal aac(6')-Iz gene of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.
Drosophila melanogaster NEP2 is a new soluble member of the neprilysin family of endopeptidases with implications for reproduction and renal function.
A Drosophila kinesin required for synaptic bouton formation and synaptic vesicle transport.
Guanosine pentaphosphate phosphohydrolase of Escherichia coli is a long-chain exopolyphosphatase.
Cloning of a new type II cytokine receptor activating signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT)1, STAT2 and STAT3.
Molecular cloning, mRNA expression and chromosomal localization of mouse angiotensin-converting enzyme-related carboxypeptidase (mACE2).
Damage and replication checkpoint control in fission yeast is ensured by interactions of Crb2, a protein with BRCT motif, with Cut5 and Chk1.
X-ray and Cryo-electron Microscopy Structures of Monalysin Pore-forming Toxin Reveal Multimerization of the Pro-form.
A novel IkappaB protein, IkappaB-zeta, induced by proinflammatory stimuli, negatively regulates nuclear factor-kappaB in the nuclei.
Genes expressed in neurons of adult male Drosophila.
Identification and characterization of Escherichia coli thioesterase III that functions in fatty acid beta-oxidation.
Dachsous encodes a member of the cadherin superfamily that controls imaginal disc morphogenesis in Drosophila.
A novel orphan G protein-coupled receptor primarily expressed in the brain is localized on human chromosomal band 2q21.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase 7 (ERK7), a novel ERK with a C-terminal domain that regulates its activity, its cellular localization, and cell growth.
Characteristics and primary structure of a galectin in the skin mucus of the Japanese eel, Anguilla japonica.
Mouse beta-mannosidase: cDNA cloning, expression, and chromosomal localization.
An alternatively spliced form of HLA-G mRNA in human trophoblasts and evidence for the presence of HLA-G transcript in adult lymphocytes.
RNase P without RNA: identification and functional reconstitution of the human mitochondrial tRNA processing enzyme.
The C-terminal domain of CblD interacts with CblC and influences intracellular cobalamin partitioning.
Genetic basis of destruxin production in the entomopathogen Metarhizium robertsii.
Cloning of a mouse homolog of CD94 extends the family of C-type lectins on murine natural killer cells.
Arabidopsis contains nine long-chain acyl-coenzyme a synthetase genes that participate in fatty acid and glycerolipid metabolism.
The human gene CXorf17 encodes a member of a novel family of putative transmembrane proteins: cDNA cloning and characterization of CXorf17 and its mouse ortholog orf34.
Isoform specific expression of the neuronal F-actin binding protein, drebrin, in specialized cells of stomach and kidney epithelia.
Persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in macrophages and mice requires the glyoxylate shunt enzyme isocitrate lyase.
A novel variant of ileal bile acid binding protein is up-regulated through nuclear factor-kappaB activation in colorectal adenocarcinoma.
Cloning and nucleotide sequencing of phenylalanine dehydrogenase gene of Bacillus sphaericus.
Primary structure of two cytolysin isoforms from Stichodactyla helianthus differing in their hemolytic activity.
Human and mouse DOCK10 splicing isoforms with alternative first coding exon usage are differentially expressed in T and B lymphocytes.
Enzymatic characterization of the target for isoniazid in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
GCMB, a second human homolog of the fly glide/gcm gene.
Identification and characterization of human DNA polymerase beta 2, a DNA polymerase beta -related enzyme.
A model for p53-induced apoptosis.
Up-regulation of Arabidopsis thaliana NHL10 in the hypersensitive response to Cucumber mosaic virus infection and in senescing leaves is controlled by signalling pathways that differ in salicylate involvement.
A human gene, hSGT1, can substitute for GCR2, which encodes a general regulatory factor of glycolytic gene expression in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Alfalfa Mob1-like proteins are involved in cell proliferation and are localized in the cell division plane during cytokinesis.
A salicylic acid-induced lectin-like protein plays a positive role in the effector-triggered immunity response of Arabidopsis thaliana to Pseudomonas syringae Avr-Rpm1.
Sequence analysis of the L-lactate dehydrogenase-encoding gene of Deinococcus radiodurans, a suitable mesophilic counterpart for Thermus.
N-linked sugar chain of 55-kDa royal jelly glycoprotein.
Molecular characterization of a new member of the protein 4.1 family (brain 4.1) in rat brain.
Gene structure, multiple alternative splicing, and expression in gonads of zebrafish Dmrt1.
The opposite and antagonistic effects of the closely related POU family transcription factors Brn-3a and Brn-3b on the activity of a target promoter are dependent on differences in the POU domain.
Molecular characterization of a novel gene family encoding ACT domain repeat proteins in Arabidopsis.
Biosynthesis of Squalene from Farnesyl Diphosphate in Bacteria: Three Steps Catalyzed by Three Enzymes.
TSEG-1, a novel member of histone H2A variants, participates in spermatogenesis via promoting apoptosis of spermatogenic cells.
Molecular basis for the polymorphic forms of human serum paraoxonase/arylesterase: glutamine or arginine at position 191, for the respective A or B allozymes.
HEMCAM/CD146 downregulates cell surface expression of beta1 integrins.
OsSET1, a novel SET-domain-containing gene from rice.
The Arabidopsis ATK1 gene is required for spindle morphogenesis in male meiosis.
Fbxw15/Fbxo12J is an F-box protein-encoding gene selectively expressed in oocytes of the mouse ovary.
The DDB1a interacting proteins ATCSA-1 and DDB2 are critical factors for UV-B tolerance and genomic integrity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Human bullous pemphigoid antigen (BPAG1). Amino acid sequences deduced from cloned cDNAs predict biologically important peptide segments and protein domains.
Prediction of the coding sequences of unidentified human genes. XIII. The complete sequences of 100 new cDNA clones from brain which code for large proteins in vitro.
Identification and functional characterization of inhibitor-3, a regulatory subunit of protein phosphatase 1 in plants.
The mitochondrial-derived peptide MOTS-c promotes metabolic homeostasis and reduces obesity and insulin resistance.
GABAA receptor beta 1, beta 2, and beta 3 subunits: comparisons in DBA/2J and C57BL/6J mice.
Cloning and characterization of HUPF1, a human homolog of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae nonsense mRNA-reducing UPF1 protein.
Expression of an Arabidopsis phosphoglycerate mutase homologue is localized to apical meristems, regulated by hormones, and induced by sedentary plant-parasitic nematodes.
A cell wall recycling shortcut that bypasses peptidoglycan de novo biosynthesis.
Evolution of ecological specialization and venom of a predatory marine gastropod.
Human lung expresses unique gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase transcripts.
The newly identified human nuclear protein NXP-2 possesses three distinct domains, the nuclear matrix-binding, RNA-binding, and coiled-coil domains.
Deoxysugars in glycopeptide antibiotics: enzymatic synthesis of TDP-L-epivancosamine in chloroeremomycin biosynthesis.
Molecular heterogeneity of the cDNA encoding a 74-kDa regulatory subunit (B" or delta) of human protein phosphatase 2A.
Involvement of the Arabidopsis SWI2/SNF2 chromatin remodeling gene family in DNA damage response and recombination.
Characterization of the upper pathway genes for fluorene metabolism in Terrabacter sp. strain DBF63.
Mxi1, a protein that specifically interacts with Max to bind Myc-Max recognition sites.
Isolation, structure elucidation, and synthesis of eudistomides A and B, lipopeptides from a Fijian ascidian Eudistoma sp.
Characterization of the Arabidopsis glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase (GDPD) family reveals a role of the plastid-localized AtGDPD1 in maintaining cellular phosphate homeostasis under phosphate starvation.
A novel o-aminophenol oxidase responsible for formation of the phenoxazinone chromophore of grixazone.
Three different cDNAs encoding mouse D-factor/LIF receptor.
Identification and characterization of mErk5-T, a novel Erk5/Bmk1 splice variant.
The genome of the basidiomycetous yeast and human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans.
Cloning of the flagellin gene from Bacillus subtilis and complementation studies of an in vitro-derived deletion mutation.
Bovine liver aspartyl beta-hydroxylase. Purification and characterization.
BAP-135, a target for Bruton's tyrosine kinase in response to B cell receptor engagement.
Assessing the roles of essential functional groups in the mechanism of homoserine succinyltransferase.
Arsenic sensing and resistance system in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803.
Molecular cloning of a novel mouse testis-specific spermatogenic cell apoptosis inhibitor gene mTSARG7 as a candidate oncogene.
Analysis of the prtP gene encoding porphypain, a cysteine proteinase of Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Two kinesin-like proteins mediate actin-based chloroplast movement in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Anaerobic induction of isocitrate lyase and malate synthase in submerged rice seedlings indicates the important metabolic role of the glyoxylate cycle.
A multilocus sequence analysis approach to the phylogeny and taxonomy of the Halobacteriales.
Isolation and differential tissue distribution of two human cDNAs encoding PDE1 splice variants.
Hadrurin, a new antimicrobial peptide from the venom of the scorpion Hadrurus aztecus.
Molecular characterization of an autoantigen of PM-Scl in the polymyositis/scleroderma overlap syndrome: a unique and complete human cDNA encoding an apparent 75-kD acidic protein of the nucleolar complex.
Migfilin and Mig-2 link focal adhesions to filamin and the actin cytoskeleton and function in cell shape modulation.
The long and the short of it: evidence that FGF5 is a major determinant of canine 'hair'-itability.
Hd16, a gene for casein kinase I, is involved in the control of rice flowering time by modulating the day-length response.
Functional and comparative genomic analyses of an operon involved in fructooligosaccharide utilization by Lactobacillus acidophilus.
A developmentally regulated gene cluster involved in conidial pigment biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Humoral immunity to human breast cancer: antigen definition and quantitative analysis of mRNA expression.
Drosophila hormone receptor 38: a second partner for Drosophila USP suggests an unexpected role for nuclear receptors of the nerve growth factor-induced protein B type.
Functional association of cell death suppressor, Arabidopsis Bax inhibitor-1, with fatty acid 2-hydroxylation through cytochrome b₅.
(R,S)-Reticuline 7-O-methyltransferase and (R,S)-norcoclaurine 6-O-methyltransferase of Papaver somniferum - cDNA cloning and characterization of methyl transfer enzymes of alkaloid biosynthesis in opium poppy.
Structural insights into HypB, a GTP-binding protein that regulates metal binding.
Membrane receptor dependent iron transport in Escherichia coli.
Isolation and characterization of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) interacting protein (PRIP) as a coactivator for PPAR.
Positional cloning of the gene LIMBIN responsible for bovine chondrodysplastic dwarfism.
FGT-1 is a mammalian GLUT2-like facilitative glucose transporter in Caenorhabditis elegans whose malfunction induces fat accumulation in intestinal cells.
Characterization of SAF-A, a novel nuclear DNA binding protein from HeLa cells with high affinity for nuclear matrix/scaffold attachment DNA elements.
Isolation and characterization of a temperature-sensitive mutant of Salmonella typhimurium defective in prolipoprotein modification.
The protein-tyrosine kinase fer associates with signaling complexes containing insulin receptor substrate-1 and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase.
Identification of isoforms of a mitotic motor in mammalian spermatogenesis.
The expression of migration stimulating factor, a potent oncofetal cytokine, is uniquely controlled by 3'-untranslated region-dependent nuclear sequestration of its precursor messenger RNA.
Reconstitution of diphthine synthase activity in vitro.
Novel isoforms of periostin expressed in the human thyroid.
Nomenclature of the ARID family of DNA-binding proteins.
Isolation and expression of novel human glutamate carboxypeptidases with N-acetylated alpha-linked acidic dipeptidase and dipeptidyl peptidase IV activity.
Diketocamphane enantiomer-specific 'Baeyer-Villiger' monooxygenases from camphor-grown Pseudomonas putida ATCC 17453.
A combined mass spectrometric and cDNA sequencing approach to the isolation and characterization of novel antimicrobial peptides from the skin secretions of Phyllomedusa hypochondrialis azurea.
Molecular diversity and functional evolution of scorpion potassium channel toxins.
Characterization of a purified cell surface glycoprotein as a contact site in Polysphondylium pallidum.
DddD is a CoA-transferase/lyase producing dimethyl sulfide in the marine environment.
Generation of multiple isoforms of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4GI by use of alternate translation initiation codons.
A mitochondria-specific isoform of FASTK is present in mitochondrial RNA granules and regulates gene expression and function.
Temperature-sensitive phenotype of Chinese hamster ovary cells defective in PEX5 gene.
A cluster of novel serotonin receptor 3-like genes on human chromosome 3.
Distinct roles of carbohydrate esterase family CE16 acetyl esterases and polymer-acting acetyl xylan esterases in xylan deacetylation.
The LAX1 and FRIZZY PANICLE 2 genes determine the inflorescence architecture of rice by controlling rachis-branch and spikelet development.
Asp- and Glu-specific novel dipeptidyl peptidase 11 of Porphyromonas gingivalis ensures utilization of proteinaceous energy sources.
Gudu, an Armadillo repeat-containing protein, is required for spermatogenesis in Drosophila.
The EGL-21 carboxypeptidase E facilitates acetylcholine release at Caenorhabditis elegans neuromuscular junctions.
AFAP-120. A variant form of the Src SH2/SH3-binding partner AFAP-110 is detected in brain and contains a novel internal sequence which binds to a 67-kDa protein.
Interaction of the small GTPase Rac3 with NRBP, a protein with a kinase-homology domain.
Operation of glyoxylate cycle in halophilic archaea: presence of malate synthase and isocitrate lyase in Haloferax volcanii.
Nestin expression during mouse eye and lens development.
The Hsp90 family of proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Minichromosome maintenance helicase paralog MCM9 is dispensible for DNA replication but functions in germ-line stem cells and tumor suppression.
Involvement of OsJAZ8 in jasmonate-induced resistance to bacterial blight in rice.
Identification and characterization of viral structural proteins of infectious salmon anemia virus.
A novel structural class of K+-channel blocking toxin from the scorpion Pandinus imperator.
Seed defensins of barnyard grass Echinochloa crusgalli (L.) Beauv.
Purification and characterization of cytosolic and microsomal cyclophilins from maize (Zea mays).
ABC1K atypical kinases in plants: filling the organellar kinase void.
Purification and partial characterization of human neutrophil elastase inhibitors from the marine snail Cenchritis muricatus (Mollusca).
A novel protein highly expressed in testis is overexpressed in systemic sclerosis fibroblasts and targeted by autoantibodies.
The MYB transcription factor superfamily of Arabidopsis: expression analysis and phylogenetic comparison with the rice MYB family.
Two human ULBP/RAET1 molecules with transmembrane regions are ligands for NKG2D.
A novel ADP-dependent DNA ligase from Aeropyrum pernix K1.
Identification and characterization of novel components of a Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase cascade in HeLa cells.
Cyclic AMP- and cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinases differ in their regulation of cyclic AMP response element-dependent gene transcription.
A Conserved Role for Girdin in Basal Body Positioning and Ciliogenesis.
Characterization of four extensin genes in Arabidopsis thaliana by differential gene expression under stress and non-stress conditions.
Identification and Characterization of ProTx-III [μ-TRTX-Tp1a], a New Voltage-Gated Sodium Channel Inhibitor from Venom of the Tarantula Thrixopelma pruriens.
